Nissan's Ghosn to Make Brexit Investment Decision by End of Year		2016-10-14	Japan's Nissan will decide by the end of the year whether to build its new Qashqai SUV model at Britain's biggest car plant, a source told Reuters, after CEO Carlos Ghosn met Prime Minister Theresa May to seek reassurance over the impact of Brexit.
'Hard Brexit' Could Cost UK Finance Firms 38 Billion Pounds &#8211; Report		2016-10-04	The British financial industry could lose up to 38 billion pounds in revenue in a so-called 'hard Brexit' that would leave it with restricted access to the EU single market, according to a report on Tuesday commissioned by a financial industry group.
UK Construction Output Falls in August, ONS Sees No Brexit Link		2016-10-14	British construction output unexpectedly fell in August led by a decline in infrastructure projects but Britain's statistics office said the weakness did not appear to be linked to the Brexit vote in June.
UK PM May Rejects Suggestion by EU's Tusk That Brexit May Not Happen: Spokeswoman		2016-10-14	Britain is committed to leaving the European Union, a spokeswoman for Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday, slapping down a suggestion from European Council President Donald Tusk that the country might ultimately change its mind.     
UK Banks Coped With Brexit Due to Post-Crisis Reforms-Broadbent		2016-10-14	Deputy Bank of England Governor Ben Broadbent said on Friday that Britain's banking system had coped with the shock result of Britain's decision to leave the European Union in June because of reforms made after the global financial crisis.
Not Forbidden to 'Help Banks Reflect' on Paris Move After Brexit-Sapin		2016-10-10	France is helping banks and financial institutions to consider a move from London to Paris after Britain voted to leave the European Union, the French finance minister said on Monday.
UK Treasury-Financial Services Will Be High Priority in Brexit Talks		2016-10-12	Britain's financial services sector will be a "high priority" for the government when it negotiates the terms of Britain's new relationship with the European Union, the most senior official in the country's finance ministry said.
Economic Uncertainty Remains Even After Brexit	The New York Times	2016-07-09	That Britain would somehow reject the rational choice seems to have never occurred to investors worldwide, and now we see the consequences.
Germany, France and Italy on Brexit	AP	2016-06-27	Germanys Angela Merkel, Frances Franois Hollande and Italys Matteo Renzi said there would be no discussions over British withdrawal from the European Union until Britain formally invokes Article 50.
Labour Leader Blames Tories for Brexit	None	2016-06-27	Speaking in the House of Commons on Monday, Britains Labour Party leader, Jeremy Corbyn, blamed the current and past Tory governments for divisions that led to the vote to leave the European Union.
Uncertain Economics Influence &#8216;Brexit&#8217; Talk 	The New York Times	2016-04-03	Proponents of Britains exit from the European Union are trying to convince the country that any freedom it gains would not be offset by the risks to prosperity.
Nissan's Ghosn to Make Brexit Investment Decision by End of Year		2016-10-14	Japan's Nissan will decide by the end of the year whether to build its new Qashqai SUV model at Britain's biggest car plant, a source told Reuters, after CEO Carlos Ghosn met Prime Minister Theresa May to seek reassurance over the impact of Brexit.
EU Must Avoid Ideological Spats if It Is to Survive Brexit - German Minister		2016-10-05	Germanys' economy minister said on Wednesday that EU countries must resist falling into old ideological debates, even as many face national elections, if the European Union is to survive Britain's vote to leave.
France's Hollande Says EU Must Be Tough After Britain Opts for 'Hard' Brexit		2016-10-07	French President Francois Hollande said on Thursday the European Union needed to remain firm with Britain after it appeared that Prime Minister Theresa May had opted for a tougher exit from Europe.
'Toxic' Banker Image May Cloud London's Backing for City in Brexit Talks		2016-10-12	The British government may find it tough to fight for the financial services industry in Brexit negotiations because of the still poor public image of bankers, John McFarlane, who chairs lobby group TheCityUK as well as Barclays, said.
UK's May Says Lawmakers Can Debate Brexit Process, No Article 50 Vote		2016-10-12	British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday parliament would have every opportunity to debate her government's plans to leave the European Union, but ruled out letting it vote on triggering the formal Brexit procedure.
Irish Budget Measures 'Not Last Word' on Brexit, Finance Minister Says		2016-10-11	Ireland's budget aimed at "Brexit-proofing" the economy will not be the last set of policies to deal with the risks posed by Britain's decision to quit the European Union, Finance Minister Michael Noonan said on Tuesday.
PM May Says Wants Maximum Possible Access to EU Market Post-Brexit		2016-10-12	Britain will see a deal with the European Union that will include maximum possible access to the bloc's single market once it leaves the EU, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.
Geneva's Banks Prepare for a Tough 2017 With No Brexit Bonus		2016-10-11	More than a third of Geneva's banks expect a difficult 2017 after finding 2016 much tougher than the year before, an annual survey of the Swiss city's financiers showed on Tuesday.
UK Brexit Minister Says Will Not Negotiate Separate EU Exit Deals		2016-10-04	The British government will only negotiate one deal for when it leaves the European Union, the country's Brexit minister, David Davis, said on Tuesday, adding that there would be no separate deal for London.
Brexit All Bad? Tourists Lap Up Plunging Pound for Bargain Visits		2016-10-11	When the pound plunged this month on new worries about Brexit, New Yorkers Derek Hotter and Ian Clark hopped on a plane for an impromptu holiday in Britain.
Divided European Leaders Struggle With Post-Brexit Vision		2016-09-16	European leaders, struggling to overcome an historic crisis following Britain's vote to leave the EU, agreed on Friday to explore closer defence cooperation and boost security at their external borders, but could not hide deep divisions over refugees and economic policy.
UK Shoppers Spend More in September, Brexit Worries Likely to Weigh-BRC		2016-10-10	British consumers picked up the pace of their spending in September after a weak August, but the country's planned exit from the European Union is likely to weigh on sales ahead, an industry group said on Tuesday.
An Index of Uncertainty Surges After Brexit	The New York Times	2016-07-01	Quantifying the tremors that the British vote has spread, not just in Britain but across the Atlantic.
Portraits of a Nation Contemplating a Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-23	Britons will make a momentous choice on Thursday that could matter more for their future than any ordinary election.
Brexit Vote Spurs Concerns Over Market Liquidity		2016-06-21	Some banks and stock exchanges have warned clients that trading conditions could be difficult and volatile.
PM May Says Wants Maximum Possible Access to EU Market Post-Brexit		2016-10-12	Britain will see a deal with the European Union that will include maximum possible access to the bloc's single market once it leaves the EU, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.
Danish Exports to Britain Near 16-Year Lows in Post-Brexit Months		2016-10-10	Danish exports to Britain fell in August for the second straight month, official data showed on Monday, after Britons' June vote to leave the European Union sent the pound to its lowest level against the euro for more than five years.
Europe Divided, Juncker Urges Post-Brexit EU to Unite		2016-09-14	EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker warned divided Europeans on Wednesday that their Union was in an "existential crisis" after Britain's vote to quit and said leaders must pull together to stop it unraveling.
What Brexit Means for Pet Travel	The New York Times	2016-07-07	Yes, pets have passports. For now the European Union rules remain the same. But it is unclear what changes could come for Britons who travel with animals.
Chappatte on Brexit: Free at Last?		2016-06-23	Polls open on Thursday for Britains vote on the European Union.
Early Brexit Votes Cast in London	Reuters	2016-06-23	London residents discussed their opinions about the referendum on Britain's membership in the European Union.
Financial Markets Show Lingering Brexit Worries		2016-07-07	Nervousness sent the British pound to new 31-year lows, and it pushed the yield on Japanese debt into negative territory.
European Commission Chief Reacts to Brexit	AP	2016-06-24	Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European Unions executive agency, lamented Britains decision but said he hoped the country would remain a close partner of the bloc.
Pound Down, Stocks Up, Economy Flat: What Do Brexit Swings Mean for You?		2016-10-06	Sterling has tumbled to a 31-year low, but British stocks are near a record high and, contrary to many expert forecasts, the shock of Brexit has not pushed the British economy off a cliff. 
Europe Divided, Juncker Urges Post-Brexit EU to Unite		2016-09-14	EU chief executive Jean-Claude Juncker warned divided Europeans on Wednesday that their Union was in an "existential crisis" after Britain's vote to quit and said leaders must pull together to stop it unraveling.
Hammond to Tell Wall Street That London Still Top Finance Hub Despite Brexit		2016-10-05	Chancellor of exchequer Philip Hammond, on his first trip to Wall Street since being appointed in July, plans to assure some of the top U.S. top banks on Thursday that Britain is still the world's leading global finance hub despite its Brexit vote. 
Sentix Index Rises in October as Euro Zone 'Overcomes Brexit Shock'		2016-10-10	Investor sentiment in the euro zone improved further in October and the economy in the single currency area has overcome the shock of Britain's vote to leave the European Union, a survey showed on Monday.
May Says Expects to Guarantee Rights of EU Citizens in UK After Brexit		2016-10-10	Prime Minister Theresa May said she hoped Britain's exit from the EU would be a smooth process and that she expected to guarantee the rights of EU citizens already in Britain.
Financial Strain Grows From Brexit Vote	The New York Times	2016-07-06	As bond yields and the pound decline, three major real estate funds have suspended payouts, a rare move that reflects mounting industry concerns.
Pound Down, Stocks Up, Economy Flat: What Do Brexit Swings Mean for You?		2016-10-05	Sterling has tumbled to a 31-year low, but British stocks are near a record high and, contrary to many expert forecasts, the shock of Brexit has not pushed the British economy off a cliff. 
Bank of England Signals New Rate Cut Despite Brexit Bounceback		2016-09-15	The Bank of England said it was still likely to cut interest rates to just above zero later this year, even though the initial Brexit hit to Britain's economy would be less severe than it expected only last month.
Sentix Index Rises in October as Euro Zone 'Overcomes Brexit Shock'		2016-10-10	Investor sentiment in the euro zone improved further in October and the economy in the single currency area has overcome the shock of Britain's vote to leave the European Union, a survey showed on Monday.
May Says Expects to Guarantee Rights of EU Citizens in UK After Brexit		2016-10-10	Prime Minister Theresa May said she hoped Britain's exit from the EU would be a smooth process and that she expected to guarantee the rights of EU citizens already in Britain.
Is Brexit Europes Lehman Brothers Moment?		2016-06-29	Britains vote and Lehmans collapse both upended what people thought they knew about how the world worked.
Brexit and the Risks of Democracy	The New York Times	2016-06-24	Referendums can distill complex issues into a simplistic choice. But sometimes the people just need to be heard.
Britain's May Prepares for Brexit Talks, Keeps Europe Guessing		2016-09-15	As Europe clamors to know how Britain plans to implement its decision to leave the European Union, new Prime Minister Theresa May is giving little away, but her strategy is becoming clear.
Sales Slide at UK Flooring Retailer Topps Tiles After Brexit Vote		2016-10-05	British flooring retailer Topps Tiles said sales were growing at a slower rate in the fourth quarter of its financial year, dragged down by weaker consumer confidence following Britain's vote to leave the European Union. 
UK's Johnson Reassures Ukraine of Support After Brexit Vote		2016-09-14	Britain continues to support keeping sanctions on Russia, its foreign minister Boris Johnson said during a visit to Ukraine on Wednesday, adding that London's position was unchanged by June's vote to leave the European Union. 
Tusk Calls on EU Leaders to Seize Chance of Brexit		2016-09-15	European Council president Donald Tusk called on EU leaders to take a "brutally honest" look at the bloc's problems as they met in Bratislava to find a way forward after Britain's shock vote to leave.
