The Brexit Spillover		2016-06-28	By deciding to leave the European Union, Britain has created global economic uncertainty.
Ryanair Says New Frankfurt Base Not Motivated by Brexit	Reuters	2016-11-02	Irish low-cost carrier Ryanair said move to add a base at Frankfurt, Europe's fourth-biggest airport, was not motivated by Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
Brexit Threatens Supply of New Drugs, Report Warns	Reuters	2016-11-02	British patients could end up not being able to access modern medicines if there is a "hard Brexit", a think tank report endorsed by a former Conservative health minister warned on Wednesday.
Brexit Court Ruling: Scenarios That May Unfold in Britain	AP	2016-11-04	A High Court ruling that Britain's Parliament must give approval before Prime Minister Theresa May triggers the formal process of taking Britain out of the European Union has cast some uncertainty over Brexit.
UK Will Ensure Stability of Financial Sector: Brexit Minister		2016-10-20	The British government will do whatever is needed to ensure the stability of the financial services sector and markets during the process of negotiating Britain's exit from the European Union, Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday.
British Brexit Minister Says Confidentiality Needed in EU Talks	Reuters	2016-11-07	Brexit minister David Davis defended his government's determination to maintain a "certain level of confidentiality" before starting talks for Britain to leave the European Union.
Britain's Biggest Crisp Maker Walkers Hikes Prices After Brexit	Reuters	2016-11-07	A bag of Britain's biggest-selling potato chips is set to rise by 10 percent after maker Walkers said the slump in the value of the pound after the vote to leave the European Union had pushed up its manufacturing costs.
Brexit Decision Has Spurred Frankfurt Property Sector-Commerzbank CFO	Reuters	2016-11-04	Britain's decision to leave the European Union has boosted Frankfurt's real estate market, Commerzbank's Chief Financial Officer Stephan Engels said.
Pharma and Aerospace Seek Brexit Assurances After Nissan Deal	Reuters	2016-10-31	Britain's pharmaceutical and aerospace industries, both big exporters, are stepping up pressure on the government for assurances about their future after last week's post-Brexit deal with carmaker Nissan.
Colombia's Santos Wants Closer Trade Ties With Post-Brexit Britain	Reuters	2016-11-01	Colombia hopes to strengthen trade and investment ties with Britain following its exit from the European Union, President Juan Manuel Santos told lawmakers in London on Tuesday.
UK's Labour Has 'Bottom Line' for Supporting Brexit Vote: Corbyn	Reuters	2016-11-05	The head of Britain's opposition Labour Party will try to block divorce talks with the European Union if the government does not agree to Labour's Brexit demands, potentially leading to an early national election, a newspaper said on Saturday.
UK Court Says Brexit Needs Parliament's Approval, Complicates Government Plans	Reuters	2016-11-03	A British court ruled on Thursday that the government needs parliamentary approval to start the process of leaving the European Union, potentially delaying Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit plans.
Development Bank EBRD Warns of 'Scary' Brexit Hit to Growth	Reuters	2016-11-03	The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development has warned of a potentially "scary" economic hit to its bloc of countries if Britain's exit from the European Union goes badly and fuels a backlash against market economy reform. 
FTSE Falls After UK Government Loses Brexit Ruling, BoE Decision	Reuters	2016-11-03	Britain's top share index fell on Thursday after the government lost a court case on how to trigger the process for leaving the European Union and the Bank of England shifted away from cutting interest rates further.    
UK Fintech Finds EU Barriers Emerging After Brexit Vote	Reuters	2016-11-02	Fallout from the vote to leave the European Union is already threatening the growth of financial technology firms in Britain, industry officials said on Wednesday.
Brexit May Undermine Sterling's Place in World FX Reserves	Reuters	2016-11-02	While changes in hard cash reserves at global central banks tend to be glacial, the hit to sterling from a potential 'hard' UK exit from Europe's single market after more than 40 years could eventually undermine the pound's position in their coffers.
LPC-UK Syndicated Lending Slumps Amid Brexit Uncertainty	Reuters	2016-10-28	Syndicated lending to British companies has more than halved in the year to date compared to the same period last year as Brexit continues to cast a pall over what was previously Europe's biggest loan market, according to Thomson Reuters LPC data.
British PM May Confident of Brexit Plans, Reassures EU Leaders	Reuters	2016-11-04	Prime Minister Theresa May told European Union leaders on Friday she was confident a court ruling that could delay Britain's departure from the bloc would be overturned and said she would stick to her Brexit timetable.
Brexit Will Stop UK House Price Growth in 2017-Savills	Reuters	2016-11-04	Brexit will end British house prices growth in 2017 and lead to a slump in transactions, estate agents Savills said on Friday, in the latest sign Britain's once red-hot housing market is beginning to cool. 
UK Official: Court Ruling Won't Slow PM's Brexit Timetable	AP	2016-11-07	Brexit Secretary David Davis said Monday that a court ruling requiring Britain's prime minister to seek Parliament's approval before initiating the country's separation from the European Union will not slow the government's timetable.
UK's May Seeks to Keep Brexit Plan Going Despite Setback	AP	2016-11-04	British Prime Minister Theresa May sought Friday to reassure European Union leaders that her timetable for Britain to leave the EU remains intact despite a court ruling requiring British lawmakers to have more of a say in the process.
Northern Ireland Legal Challenge to Brexit Is Dismissed	AP	2016-10-28	A judge in Northern Ireland has dismissed one of the legal challenges to Britain's decision to leave the European Union, or Brexit.
Shawbrook Says Net Loans Rise, Impact From Brexit Minimal	Reuters	2016-11-03	Shawbrook Group has seen continued demand for property finance and consumer loans after Britain's vote to leave the European Union, though demand from small and medium sized firms (SMEs) is lower than last year, it said on Thursday. 
Brexit Will Stop UK House Price Growth in 2017-Savills	Reuters	2016-11-04	Brexit will end British house prices growth in 2017 and lead to a slump in transactions, estate agents Savills said on Friday, in the latest sign Britain's once red-hot housing market is beginning to cool. 
Britain's Brexit Subsidies for Carmakers Could Top Wage Bills	Reuters	2016-11-02	Compensating carmakers in Britain for any post-Brexit tariffs on exports to Europe could see the government hand the companies more money than they need to pay the salaries of all their British workers, a Reuters analysis of corporate filings shows.
Gibraltar Looks to Reinvent Itself After Brexit		2016-09-23	Gibraltar, a rocky British enclave on Spain's southern tip that has positioned itself as a springboard for finance to the European Union, may have to reinvent itself after Britain voted to split from the bloc.      
UK Commercial Property Sees Partial Recovery After Brexit Slump-RICS	Reuters	2016-10-26	Demand from British businesses for commercial property has partly recovered from its slump after June's vote to leave the European Union and foreign investors are looking to take advantage of the weak pound, industry data showed on Thursday.
For UK's Europeans, Post-Brexit Attacks Bring Shock and Fear	AP	2016-10-27	When his friend Arek was killed in the street, Eric Hind had sickening evidence that the country he'd come to call home had changed.
Northern Irish Court Sides With UK Premier Over Brexit Challenge	Reuters	2016-10-28	Northern Ireland's High Court on Friday rejected an attempt to block Britain's exit from the European Union, saying that neither the province's parliament nor its laws could override a decision by the British government. 
2 Months After Brexit Vote, Britains Push to Leave E.U. Is a Muddle		2016-09-01	Between turf wars and competing interests, the government is having trouble devising a coherent plan for ending four decades of integration with Europe.
2 Months After Brexit Vote, Britains Push to Leave E.U. Is a Muddle		2016-09-01	Between turf wars and competing interests, the government is having trouble devising a coherent plan for ending four decades of integration with Europe.
UK Commercial Property Sees Partial Recovery After Brexit Slump-RICS	Reuters	2016-10-26	Demand from British businesses for commercial property has partly recovered from its slump after June's vote to leave the European Union and foreign investors are looking to take advantage of the weak pound, industry data showed on Thursday.
For UK's Europeans, Post-Brexit Attacks Bring Shock and Fear	AP	2016-10-27	When his friend Arek was killed in the street, Eric Hind had sickening evidence that the country he'd come to call home had changed.
Heathrow Decision Shows UK Can Be Successful After Brexit: May	Reuters	2016-10-25	The British government's decision to approve a new runway at Heathrow Airport shows Britain can be an open, global, successful country after it leaves the European Union, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday.
Brexit Will Stop UK House Price Growth in 2017-Savills	Reuters	2016-11-04	Brexit will end British house prices growth in 2017 and lead to a slump in transactions, estate agents Savills said on Friday, in the latest sign Britain's once red-hot housing market is beginning to cool. 
Britain Wants Tariff-Free Trade for Motor Industry After Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-30	Britain told Nissan it would aim for tariff-free trade with Europe for the motor industry after Brexit, persuading the Japanese company to invest in the country's biggest car plant, a cabinet minister said on Sunday.
Britain's Brexit Subsidies for Carmakers Could Top Wage Bills	Reuters	2016-11-02	Compensating carmakers in Britain for any post-Brexit tariffs on exports to Europe could see the government hand the companies more money than they need to pay the salaries of all their British workers, a Reuters analysis of corporate filings shows.
Northern Ireland Rights Activist to Appeal Brexit Court Ruling	Reuters	2016-10-28	A Northern Ireland rights activist whose attempt to block Britain's exit from the European Union was rejected on Friday by the province's High Court said he would appeal to the British Supreme Court. 
Fear, Loathing and Brexit		2016-06-17	Britons have a choice between bad and worse.
UK Economy Escapes Short-Term Brexit Hit, Gets Nissan Boost	Reuters	2016-10-27	Britain's economy slowed only slightly in the three months after the Brexit vote and carmaker Nissan said it would build more cars in the country, tempering fears about the immediate economic impact of the decision to leave the European Union.
Northern Ireland Rights Activist to Appeal Brexit Court Ruling	Reuters	2016-10-28	A Northern Ireland rights activist whose attempt to block Britain's exit from the European Union was rejected on Friday by the province's High Court said he would appeal to the British Supreme Court. 
Booming Property Auctions Lift Brexit Gloom in British Real Estate		2016-10-17	Commercial property auctions are proving an unlikely bright spot in Britain's real estate market where a steep drop in sterling has attracted overseas buyers and local investors are as yet unfazed by potential fallout from Brexit.
UK Economy Escapes Short-Term Brexit Hit, Gets Nissan Boost	Reuters	2016-10-27	Britain's economy slowed only slightly in the three months after the Brexit vote and carmaker Nissan said it would build more cars in the country, tempering fears about the immediate economic impact of the decision to leave the European Union.
2 Announce Bids to Lead Fractious Party That Pushed 'Brexit'		2016-10-23	Two rival candidates announced bids Sunday to lead Britain's fractious right-wing U.K. Independence Party &#8212; both warning that UKIP faces extinction if it doesn't change.
Northern Ireland Court to Rule on Brexit Challenge on Friday	Reuters	2016-10-26	Northern Ireland's High Court will rule on Friday on a challenge against British plans to leave the European Union without a vote in parliament, the first judgment in legal cases that are being closely watched by politicians and markets.
Toyota Executive Pledges to Weather Brexit Fallout in Britain	Reuters	2016-10-27	Britain's decision to leave the European Union may dent Toyota Motor Corp's competitiveness in the region, but the Japanese automaker did not see it as a trigger to shift production away from the country, a senior executive said.
No Brexit Negotiations With May at Summit: EU's Tusk		2016-10-20	European Union leaders will not engage in discussions or negotiations on Britain's exit from the EU with Prime Minister Theresa May during her first summit meeting on Thursday, summit chair Donald Tusk said on arrival.
Heathrow Expansion Best Option for Post-Brexit Britain-Minister	Reuters	2016-10-25	The British government's decision to allow Heathrow Airport to expand is the clearest sign that Britain is open for business following its vote to leave the European Union, Transport Secretary Chris Grayling told reporters on Tuesday.
UK's May Says Some EU Leaders Commended Her Brexit Speech	Reuters	2016-10-24	British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday several European Union leaders had commended her on a speech to her ruling Conservative Party earlier this month that was widely seen as signaling a "hard Brexit" lay ahead.
UK Banks Fear Public, Politicians Set Against Them on Brexit		2016-10-24	For decades, Britain's bankers have relied on their industry's outsized status in the economy to find a receptive ear in government.
