Is Brexit Europes Lehman Brothers Moment?		2016-06-29	Britains vote and Lehmans collapse both upended what people thought they knew about how the world worked.
Brexit and the Risks of Democracy	The New York Times	2016-06-24	Referendums can distill complex issues into a simplistic choice. But sometimes the people just need to be heard.
Brexit Helps Push Irish Services Growth to Three-And-a-Half-Year Low-PMI		2016-10-05	Ireland's services sector grew at its slowest pace in almost 3-1/2 years in September, a survey showed on Wednesday, with some firms reporting reduced interest from customers arising from Britain's vote to leave the EU.
Bank of England Faces Quandary as UK Weathers Early Brexit Hit		2016-10-05	The Bank of England, which signalled a few weeks ago that a fresh interest rate cut was likely next month, has been put on the spot by signs that Britain's economy has weathered the initial shock of the Brexit vote better than expected.
Purplebricks Latest British Real Estate Firm to Shrug Off Brexit		2016-09-15	British online real estate agent Purplebricks Group Plc became the latest home seller to play down the impact of Brexit on Thursday, saying there had been little discernible impact on trading from the vote to leave the EU. 
Mock Border Posts Erected on Northern Irish Border in Brexit Protest		2016-10-08	Anti-Brexit campaigners erected six mock customs checkpoints along the Northern Ireland and Irish Republic border on Saturday, in a protest over the possible impact to peace, jobs and the free movement of workers.
Citi's UK Chief Sees Finance Job Losses in London Post-Brexit		2016-10-03	The UK head of U.S. bank Citi said on Monday that jobs in London's financial sector would move to countries inside the European Union after Britain leaves the bloc, regardless of what deal is struck on access to the EU financial services market.
Without Britain, European Leaders Chart a Rocky New Course		2016-08-23	The politically vulnerable leaders of Germany, France and Italy met to discuss the European Unions new direction after Britains vote to leave the bloc.
Bank of England Faces Quandary as UK Weathers Early Brexit Hit		2016-10-06	The Bank of England, which signalled a few weeks ago that a fresh interest rate cut was likely next month, has been put on the spot by signs that Britain's economy has weathered the initial shock of the Brexit vote better than expected.
Pound Plunges, Stocks Up, Economy Flat: What Do Brexit Swings Mean for You?		2016-10-07	Sterling has tumbled to a 31-year low, but British stocks are near a record high and, contrary to many expert forecasts, the shock of Brexit has not yet pushed the British economy off a cliff. 
Brexit Is No Business of U.S.	The New York Times	2016-04-25	The reaction to President Obamas intervention is likely to be the same as that of Americans if our prime minister made a special visit to Washington.
Without Britain, European Leaders Chart a Rocky New Course		2016-08-23	The politically vulnerable leaders of Germany, France and Italy met to discuss the European Unions new direction after Britains vote to leave the bloc.
Pound Plunges, Stocks Up, Economy Flat: What Do Brexit Swings Mean for You?		2016-10-07	Sterling has tumbled to a 31-year low, but British stocks are near a record high and, contrary to many expert forecasts, the shock of Brexit has not yet pushed the British economy off a cliff. 
Bank of England Faces Quandary as UK Weathers Early Brexit Hit		2016-10-06	The Bank of England, which signalled a few weeks ago that a fresh interest rate cut was likely next month, has been put on the spot by signs that Britain's economy has weathered the initial shock of the Brexit vote better than expected.
Chancellor Hammond Says to Focus on Per Capita GDP Growth After Brexit		2016-10-06	Chancellor Philip Hammond said on Thursday that he would focus on increasing the country's economic output by improving productivity, but that overall growth could slow as Britain barred most low-skilled European Union migrants.
After Brexit, Can Germany Lead Europe Alone?	The New York Times	2016-07-05	The British exit from the E.U. has put Angela Merkel and her colleagues in a tough position amid nationalistic shifts on the Continent.
Blair Hints at Return to Frontline Politics to Save Brexit Britain		2016-10-07	Former Prime Minister Tony Blair could return to a frontline role in British politics to try to prevent Theresa May's Conservative Party from destroying the country with a so-called "hard Brexit", he said in an interview. 
Learning From the Past After Brexit		2016-07-18	The European Union came about, in no small part, to stop the ancient cycle of war that had beset Europe for millenniums.
Among the Little Englanders	The New York Times	2016-07-11	A visit to the seaside towns that voted to take Britain out of the European Union.
France's Says EU Must Be Tough After Britain Opts for 'Hard' Brexit		2016-10-06	French President Francois Hollande said on Thursday the European Union needed to remain firm with Britain after it appeared that Prime Minister Theresa May had opted for a tougher exit from Europe.
Learning From the Past After Brexit		2016-07-18	The European Union came about, in no small part, to stop the ancient cycle of war that had beset Europe for millenniums.
Among the Little Englanders	The New York Times	2016-07-11	A visit to the seaside towns that voted to take Britain out of the European Union.
Citi's UK Chief Sees Finance Job Losses in London Post-Brexit		2016-10-03	The UK head of U.S. bank Citi said on Monday that jobs in London's financial sector would move to countries inside the European Union after Britain leaves the bloc, regardless of what deal is struck on access to the EU financial services market.
Sterling Dives to 31-Year Low as 'Hard' Brexit Fears Take Toll		2016-10-06	Sterling plunged to a 31-year low on Friday as anxiety over a "hard" exit by Britain from the European Union triggered a wave of selling, leaving the currency vulnerable to further falls  even as it recouped some of the steep losses.
UK Firms Expect Output Surge in Late 2016 Despite Brexit Vote-CBI		2016-10-01	British companies expect a surge in output in the final quarter of the year despite a slowdown in the three months to September, a survey showed, the latest sign that the country's economy is largely coping with the shock vote to leave the European Union.
World Bank Raises 2016 East Asia Growth View, Sees Limited Brexit Impact		2016-10-05	The World Bank slightly raised its 2016 economic growth forecast for developing East Asia and the Pacific on Wednesday, saying  that Brexit is unlikely to have any significant near-term impact on growth in the region.
Markets Move Toward Stability After Brexit Turbulence		2016-06-29	Stocks rose on Tuesday, and the pound edged up, rebounding from three-decade lows a day earlier.
Making Sense of Brexit in 4 Charts	The New York Times	2016-06-24	To grasp why some Britons favor remaining in the European Union and others want to leave, you need to grasp some deep divisions within the country.
Paul Krugman on Brexit and Its Impact		2016-07-01	In this podcast, the Times opinion columnist Paul Krugman helps make sense of Britons decision to leave the European Union.
Jonathan Anderson on Brexit: Its a Nightmare		2016-06-25	The designer, in Paris to show his spring collection for Loewe, said he thought Britains vote to leave the European Union was a very big problem.
Leader of Britain's Pro-Brexit UKIP Party Quits After Just 18 Days		2016-10-05	The leader of Britain's anti-European Union UK Independence Party, Diane James, has resigned after only 18 days, throwing the populist party into turmoil only three months after it was on the winning side of the Brexit vote.   
As Fears of Brexit Ease, Wall Street Thrives	The New York Times	2016-06-21	Bank stocks were rising as the price of Treasury notes dropped. Machinery and industrial stocks also rose.
Pound Hits 31-Year Low on 'Hard' Brexit Worries While UK Stocks Soar		2016-10-04	Sterling slid to its lowest level in more than three decades on Tuesday on fears of a "hard Brexit" from the European Union and its single market, although the weaker pound sent UK stocks surging higher.
Brexit: Where We Are Now in Britain's Decision to Leave EU		2016-10-03	British Prime Minister Theresa May has outlined a broad timetable for the country's departure from the European Union. That should bring more clarity about Britain's future, right? Not necessarily.
Dollar Gains on Upbeat U.S. Data,' Hard Brexit' Fears Beset Pound		2016-10-04	The dollar rose against the yen and euro on Tuesday, boosted by some upbeat U.S. economic news, while the pound wallowed near a three-decade low on concerns over a potential "hard Brexit" for Britain.
Germany's Merkel Says Brexit Is Warning Shot to Rest of EU		2016-09-30	Britain's decision to leave the European Union is a warning to the rest of the bloc, which must learn to take decisions faster rather than looking to agree new treaties, German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Friday.
Sturgeon Says British PM May Does Not Care About Scotland Over Brexit		2016-10-03	Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon accused Theresa May of ignoring Scots over Britain's exit from the European Union after the British Prime Minister indicated that Scotland will not have a veto.
British PM May Says Scotland Will Have No Veto Over Brexit		2016-09-30	Prime Minister Theresa May said she will listen to Scotland's concerns over Britain's exit from the European Union but that the devolved Scottish government will not have a veto over the Brexit negotiations.
UK's Hammond Says Britain Needs New Economic Plan After Brexit Vote		2016-10-02	Britain needs a new plan to balance the competing demands of fixing its still-weak public finances and boosting the economy with infrastructure spending following the vote to leave the European Union, finance minister Philip Hammond is expected to say on Monday.
Britain Must Maintain Close EU Police Links Post Brexit-NCA Chief		2016-09-30	Britain must maintain its close ties with European law enforcement agencies after it leaves the bloc, a senior British police chief said on Friday, amid concern that the country's security could be damaged by leaving the EU.
UK Will Want to Keep Some EU Laws Post-Brexit: Minister		2016-10-02	Britain will want to keep some European Union laws, including on workers' rights and the environment, once it has left the bloc, transport minister and leading Brexit campaigner Chris Grayling said on Sunday.
London Still Top Finance Centre, but Brexit May Change That-Survey		2016-09-27	London's role as the world's top financial centre could be under threat as the implications of Britain leaving the European Union start to sink in, a survey showed on Monday.
Having Won, Some Brexit Campaigners Begin Backpedaling	The New York Times	2016-06-27	Victors in Thursdays vote to leave the European Union have begun to retreat from promises like the level of added health spending.
Brexit: Where We Are Now in Britain's Decision to Leave EU		2016-10-03	British Prime Minister Theresa May has outlined a broad timetable for the country's departure from the European Union. That should bring more clarity about Britain's future, right? Not necessarily.
Britain to Enshrine All EU Rules in UK Law After Brexit: ITV		2016-10-01	All EU rules and legislation will be enshrined in British law after Brexit and then regulations deemed unnecessary will be abolished in subsequent years, ITV's political editor reported on Saturday, without citing sources.
Brexit Could Put Lives of Vulnerable at Risk Due to Less Charity Funding: Report		2016-09-28	Efforts to protect millions of people fleeing violence and rights abuses could be jeopardized if Britain's exit from the European Union triggers a decline in funding for charities, a move many expect, a report on Wednesday showed.
After Nissan Ultimatum, Jaguar Land Rover Says Brexit Must Be Fair for All		2016-09-30	Jaguar Land Rover will "realign its thinking" on investment after Britain's vote to leave the EU and if Nissan gets a Brexit compensation deal then other automakers would need a level playing field, Britain's biggest carmaker said.
Brexit in America: A Warning Shot Against Globalization	The New York Times	2016-06-26	Britains vote to leave the E.U. may not bring recession to the U.S., but it could mark the end of a period of economic integration and open markets.
European Funds Cut UK, Euro Zone Stocks on Brexit Fallout Fears-Reuters Poll		2016-09-30	European investors' exposure to British stocks fell to two-year lows in September, while euro zone holdings slipped to the lowest since last May due to continued uncertainty over the economic fallout from Brexit.
UK Service Firms Defy Brexit, Put BoE on Spot Over Rates		2016-09-30	Britain's giant services sector grew strongly in July, according to official data giving the clearest sign to date that the economy did not slump immediately into a major slowdown after the country's vote in June to leave the EU.
