How Brexit Could Change Business in Britain	The New York Times	2016-08-17	Several months on, little is clear. Britains trading relationship with the E.U. looks to be in limbo. Companies are reassessing their long-term investments in Britain. Heres whats happened so far.
Brexit, Syria, Thai King: Your Thursday Briefing		2016-10-13	Heres what you need to know to start your day.
Mark Leckey Captures the Exuberance of Pre-Brexit Britain	The New York Times	2016-11-03	A leader of Britains art revival mines the intoxicating atmosphere before Brexit unmoored the art world in this show at MoMA PS1.
Fashioning a Post-Brexit World		2016-09-22	Collections by Jonathan Anderson, Simone Rocha, Christopher Kane and others reflected the uncertainty about how Britain, and its designers, now move forward.
Hedge Funds Avoided Big Losses Despite Brexit Shock		2016-08-18	Britains vote to leave the European Union sent many fund managers scrambling, but managers cite a number of factors that help explain how some avoided losses.
First Utility Postpones IPO Following Brexit Vote		2016-10-05	British energy supplier First Utility has postponed plans to list shares due to uncertainty created by Brexit and because proposals to improve competition in the energy market have not yet borne fruit, its chief financial officer said.
Brexit Talks Will Start by End of March, Theresa May Says		2016-10-03	The prime ministers timeline, the most detailed so far, could set the stage for Britain to leave the European Union by spring 2019.
UK Backs Judicial Independence After Judges Face Brexit Heat	Reuters	2016-11-05	Britain's government defended the independence of the country's judiciary on Saturday after three judges came under a wave of criticism from newspapers and a senior official for dealing a blow to the government's Brexit preparations.
Tullett Prebon Boosted by Sterling's Fall After Brexit Vote	Reuters	2016-11-04	British interdealer broker Tullett Prebon Plc on Friday reported higher third-quarter revenue, boosted by a fall in the pound and volatility brought on by Britain's vote to leave the European Union.    
Scotland's Sturgeon: Court Ruling Underlines UK Government Brexit Confusion	Reuters	2016-11-03	Political leaders in Scotland and Northern Ireland - which both voted to stay in the EU - said Thursday's legal blow to the British government had exposed the confusion of Prime Minister Theresa May's approach to Brexit.
Factbox: What Now After UK Government Loses Brexit Court Case?	Reuters	2016-11-03	The High Court in London has ruled that the British government requires parliamentary approval to trigger the process of exiting the European Union.
Theresa May Rules Out Immigration Plan That Brexit Backers Espoused		2016-09-06	The British prime minister rejected a points-based system in giving her first, tentative details on plans for Britains withdrawal, but remained fuzzy on much else.
Parliament Must Accept Brexit Vote Was Legitimate: UK PM May	Reuters	2016-11-06	Parliament must accept that Britain's vote to leave the European Union was legitimate and let the government get on with delivering Brexit, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday.
British Car Industry Body Criticises Brexit Uncertainty		2016-09-30	Britain's car industry body said on Friday that current uncertainty over Brexit was not conductive to attracting investment and that the government must maintain the competitiveness of the sector.
Upset by Brexit, Some British Jews Look to Germany		2016-08-16	A desire to retain the right to live and work on the Continent after Britain leaves the bloc has led some to explore what was once unthinkable.
Donald Trump, Brexit, Hillary Clinton: Your Monday Briefing	The New York Times	2016-11-07	Heres what you need to know to start your day.
BMW Says to Await Brexit Outcome Before Taking Investment Decisions	Reuters	2016-11-04	BMW's Chief Executive said the carmaker is not under pressure to decide about making further investments in its Mini factory in Oxford until the United Kingdom has concluded negotiations about leaving the European Union.
The Latest: White House Urges Flexibility Over Brexit	AP	2016-11-03	The Latest on U.K. court decision on Brexit (all times local):
U.S. Banks Gird for Brexit-Style Tumult Following Tuesday's Election	Reuters	2016-11-07	U.S. banks, including Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, are bracing for potential tumult on financial markets in the wake of Tuesday's U.S. election.
What Happens Next? UK High Court Ruling Complicates Brexit	AP	2016-11-03	Britain's High Court has ruled that the prime minister cannot trigger the U.K.'s exit from the European Union without Parliament's approval &#8212; a decision that complicates an already confusing situation riddled with uncertainties.
What Happens Next? UK High Court Ruling Complicates Brexit	AP	2016-11-03	Britain's High Court has ruled that the prime minister cannot trigger the U.K.'s exit from the European Union without Parliament's approval &#8212; a decision that complicates an already confusing situation riddled with uncertainties.
Swiss Offer Tough Brexit Lessons for Britain's Banks	Reuters	2016-11-03	As Britain's banks make their case for retaining unrestricted access to the single European market after Brexit, the efforts of their Swiss counterparts offer little cause for optimism.
British Banks Preparing to Leave UK Over Brexit-Observer		2016-10-22	Britain's biggest banks are preparing to move out of the country in early 2017 because of fears over the impending Brexit negotiations, while smaller banks are making plans to leave before Christmas, the chief executive of the British Bankers' Association Anthony Browne said.
UK's Labour Party Leader Says Government Has No Brexit Plans	AP	2016-11-05	The leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party says Prime Minister Theresa May's government is resisting "democratic scrutiny" of the Brexit process because it has not developed any plans for leaving the 28-nation bloc.
UK Government to Appeal Court Ruling on Triggering Brexit	Reuters	2016-11-03	The British government said on Thursday it will appeal a decision by the High Court that requires it to gain parliamentary approval before triggering the process of exiting the European Union. 
Germany's Merkel: Swiss Immigrant Talks Untouched by Brexit	AP	2016-11-02	German Chancellor Angela Merkel is assuring Switzerland it shouldn't worry that Britain's vote to leave the European Union will complicate its own negotiations with Brussels on immigration curbs.
UK Commercial Property Sees Partial Recovery After Brexit Slump-RICS	Reuters	2016-10-27	Demand from British businesses for commercial property has partly recovered from its slump after June's vote to leave the European Union and foreign investors are looking to take advantage of the weak pound, industry data showed on Thursday.
WPP Sees Signs of Brexit Uncertainty as Sales Growth Slows	Reuters	2016-10-31	WPP, the world's largest advertising group, reported a slowdown in underlying sales growth in the third quarter, saying a weaker performance in Britain perhaps showed the first impact of the country's vote to leave the European Union. 
UK Preparing Legislation to Trigger Brexit, Confident of Deadline	Reuters	2016-11-07	The British government is preparing legislation to trigger the procedure to leave the EU, Sky News reported on Monday, despite Prime Minister Theresa May saying she is confident of overturning a court decision that may delay Brexit.
After Brexit Ruling, UK PM May Says Values Independent Judiciary	Reuters	2016-11-06	Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday that she valued the independence of the judiciary after some British newspapers strongly criticized the judges involved in a court ruling which could delay Brexit.
UK Construction Firm Morgan Sindall Seeing No Brexit Impact	Reuters	2016-11-03	British construction company Morgan Sindall said orders for rail and urban regeneration projects and shop fitting work had been strong since July, and Britain's vote to leave the EU had not impacted its business. 
Moody's Warns of UK Downgrade if Brexit Deal Weakens Growth	AP	2016-11-02	Britain was warned Wednesday that it will have its credit rating cut if the country fails to get a good-enough deal on access to the European single market during its upcoming negotiations to leave the European Union.
UK Preparing Legislation to Trigger Brexit, Confident of Deadline	Reuters	2016-11-07	The British government is preparing legislation to trigger the procedure to leave the EU, Sky News reported on Monday, despite Prime Minister Theresa May saying she is confident of overturning a court decision that may delay Brexit.
After Brexit Ruling, UK PM May Says Values Independent Judiciary	Reuters	2016-11-06	Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday that she valued the independence of the judiciary after some British newspapers strongly criticized the judges involved in a court ruling which could delay Brexit.
Brexit May Undermine Sterling's Place in World FX Reserves	Reuters	2016-11-01	While changes in hard cash reserves at global central banks tend to be glacial, the hit to sterling from a potential 'hard' UK exit from Europe's single market after more than 40 years could eventually undermine the pound's position in their coffers.
Nissan Promises Indicate 'Direction of Travel' for Brexit Talks-Minister	Reuters	2016-11-01	Britain's assurance to Nissan that it is seeking tariff-free trade with the European Union for the motor industry shows the government's broader aims for its EU exit talks, junior Brexit minister David Jones said on Tuesday.
British Broadcaster ITV to Cut 120 Jobs Over Brexit Uncertainty		2016-10-24	British broadcaster ITV will cut 120 jobs as part of a programme set out earlier this year to reduce costs by 25 million pounds to counter the uncertainty created by the Brexit vote. 
No Special Status for Paris Finance Jobs After Brexit-Minister	Reuters	2016-10-27	France is determined to make Paris attractive for banks after Britain leaves the European Union, Finance Minister Michel Sapin said on Thursday, but without any special status for financial-services workers.
Britain's Brexit Folly	The New York Times	2015-10-27	Say it, Mr. Cameron: An out vote is a vote for decline, illusion, the past and marginalization.
Magners Cider Maker C&C Sees Brexit Opportunities	Reuters	2016-10-27	Irish cider maker C&amp;C believes the fall in the value of sterling will give it a competitive advantage over rivals with fewer sterling costs and could open up opportunities for acquisitions, its chief executive said on Thursday. 
A Once-Declining British Resort Town Sees New Life, Post-Brexit		2016-08-22	Seaside Blackpool is trying to reinvigorate itself for the modern age, and with fewer Britons vacationing abroad, things are looking up.
In Leaked Speech, Britain's May Warned of Brexit Damage	AP	2016-10-26	A leaked recording of a speech by Theresa May sheds some light on the depth of the prime minister's opposition to taking Britain out of the European Union before the referendum earlier this year.
Britain's Brexit Folly	The New York Times	2015-10-27	Say it, Mr. Cameron: An out vote is a vote for decline, illusion, the past and marginalization.
Hammond Says Politics, Not Just Economics, to Steer Brexit Talks	Reuters	2016-10-25	British finance minister Philip Hammond said European leaders were unlikely to think only about the economic implications of Britain's decision to leave the European Union, saying the political impact would also probably have an impact.
British Economy Grows More Than Expected After Brexit Vote	AP	2016-10-27	Britain's economy grew faster than expected in the three months after its vote to leave the European Union despite concern that uncertainty over the country's future would weigh on business.
Indivisible or Flexible? Brexit Battle Looms Over EU Freedoms	Reuters	2016-11-07	British businessman Simon Boyd recalls winning a big contract to build an aircraft hangar in France - only to lose it because he couldn't secure the required French insurance in time.
UK's Johnson: Court Ruling Won't Interfere With Brexit Plans	AP	2016-11-04	A court ruling requiring a greater say for lawmakers in Britain's exit from the European Union shouldn't derail the government's timetable, the British foreign secretary said Friday. His German counterpart called for negotiations to start "as soon as possible."
The Brexit Spillover		2016-06-28	By deciding to leave the European Union, Britain has created global economic uncertainty.
White House Says EU, Britain Must Ensure Flexible 'Brexit' Process	Reuters	2016-11-03	The White House on Thursday urged Britain and the European Union to ensure a flexible and smooth "Brexit" process after a British court ruled the government needed parliamentary approval to start the process of Britain leaving the EU.
Sterling Slips After Northern Ireland Court Rejects Brexit Trigger Challenge	Reuters	2016-10-28	Sterling hit an eight-day low against the euro on Friday, after Northern Ireland's High Court ruled that the law of the province did not restrict the British prime minister's ability to trigger an exit from the European Union.
