Irish Central Bank Planning for Possible 'Brexit'	Reuters	2015-07-29	Ireland's central bank is making plans in case Britain leaves the European Union and its chief economist said on Wednesday that uncertainly over possible "Brexit" was enough to depress economic growth. 
Factbox-Britain Introduces Aggressive Measures to Cushion Blow From Brexit		2016-08-04	The Bank of England announced on Thursday unexpectedly aggressive measures to protect the economy from Britain's decision to leave the European Union, after it cut interest rates for the first time since 2009.
Brexit Shockwaves Hit British Jobs, Banks, Automobiles	Reuters	2016-07-28	Shockwaves from Britain's vote to leave the European Union rocked the economy on Thursday, with thousands of jobs lost at one of the country's biggest banks, big extra costs for Ford, and consumer confidence plunging.
Covestro Flags Margin Improvement, Defies Brexit Gloom	Reuters	2016-07-15	Covestro, the plastics maker that parent Bayer plans to divest, said it sees volume growth and margin improvement ahead, steering clear of any fallout from Brexit on its markets.
Investors Watch Bank of England for Brexit Plan as U.S. Releases Jobs Report		2016-07-04	The bank is expected to take near-term action to ease the stress of Britains exit from the European Union. And American analysts are hoping for a bounce in hiring numbers.
Balkans Fear Brexit Will Delay EU Dream	Reuters	2016-06-28	Balkan countries hoping to join the European Union fear their journey to membership of a club they see as offering prosperity and stability will face delays and uncertainty now that Britain has voted to leave.
Sterling, Asian Stocks Struggle With Brexit Hangover	Reuters	2016-06-26	Asian stocks fell and the British pound tumbled more than 2 percent on Monday as markets struggled to shake off deep uncertainty sparked by Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
Brexit Will Strengthen Britain, Trump Says	None	2016-06-24	Speaking in Scotland on Friday, Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, welcomed Britains vote to leave the European Union.
Goldman Sachs, Barclays, HSBC Downplay Brexit Threat	Reuters	2016-06-24	Some of the world's largest banks have sought to play down fears of a catastophic hit to Britain's banking sector after the country voted to leave the European Union on Friday. 
Fed Cautious on Rates; Watching Brexit	Reuters	2016-06-21	Janet L. Yellen told the Senate on Tuesday that global risks, including the possibility of Britain leaving the European Union, and a less-robust American economy may preclude raising interest rates.
Ecuador Says Brexit 'Spoils' Scheduled Bond Issue	Reuters	2016-06-25	Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa said on Saturday that Britain's vote to leave the European Union has "spoiled" a bond issue that had been planned for next week to help shore up the cash-strapped oil-exporter's finances.
Brexit Referendum Forces EU Summit Delay: Sources	Reuters	2016-03-24	The British referendum on whether to leave the European Union has prompted Brussels officials to plan to postpone an EU summit scheduled on the same day, several EU sources told Reuters.
Insurer RSA Warns Over Brexit Impact	Reuters	2016-02-25	RSA chief Stephen Hester said a British exit from the European Union could have a negative impact on the insurer's business and investment returns, underscoring a warning from top executives about the impact of withdrawal.
Sterling Steadies After Brexit-Driven Slide	Reuters	2016-02-23	Sterling steadied on Tuesday after the launch proper of Britain's debate on leaving the European Union drove its biggest one-day fall in David Cameron's six-year premiership.
Irish Central Bank Favours Early 'Brexit' Vote	Reuters	2016-01-26	It would be beneficial for Ireland if neighbouring Britain held its referendum on European Union membership as soon as June so Ireland could prepare for any adverse impact on its economy, its new central bank governor said on Tuesday.
Irish Central Bank Planning for Possible 'Brexit'	Reuters	2015-07-29	Ireland's central bank is making plans in case Britain leaves the European Union and its chief economist said on Wednesday that uncertainly over possible "Brexit" was enough to depress economic growth. 
Factbox-Britain Introduces Aggressive Measures to Cushion Blow From Brexit		2016-08-04	The Bank of England announced on Thursday unexpectedly aggressive measures to protect the economy from Britain's decision to leave the European Union, after it cut interest rates for the first time since 2009.
Deutsche Bank Expects to Benefit From Brexit	Reuters	2016-07-27	Deutsche Bank expects to benefit from Britain's vote to leave the European Union, Chief Executive John Cryan said on Wednesday.
Subprime Lenders See Silver Lining After Brexit	Reuters	2016-07-20	Subprime mortgage lenders have seen a resurgence in Britain over the past year along with their peers offering high-interest personal loans and they expect Brexit to further boost demand.
After Brexit Vote, Scotland's Sturgeon Takes Control	Reuters	2016-07-12	The Friday morning after Britain voted to leave the European Union, leaders in London had little to say.
Brexit Shockwaves Hit British Jobs, Banks, Automobiles	Reuters	2016-07-28	Shockwaves from Britain's vote to leave the European Union rocked the economy on Thursday, with thousands of jobs lost at one of the country's biggest banks, big extra costs for Ford, and consumer confidence plunging.
Covestro Flags Margin Improvement, Defies Brexit Gloom	Reuters	2016-07-15	Covestro, the plastics maker that parent Bayer plans to divest, said it sees volume growth and margin improvement ahead, steering clear of any fallout from Brexit on its markets.
Investors Watch Bank of England for Brexit Plan as U.S. Releases Jobs Report		2016-07-04	The bank is expected to take near-term action to ease the stress of Britains exit from the European Union. And American analysts are hoping for a bounce in hiring numbers.
Balkans Fear Brexit Will Delay EU Dream	Reuters	2016-06-28	Balkan countries hoping to join the European Union fear their journey to membership of a club they see as offering prosperity and stability will face delays and uncertainty now that Britain has voted to leave.
Sterling, Asian Stocks Struggle With Brexit Hangover	Reuters	2016-06-26	Asian stocks fell and the British pound tumbled more than 2 percent on Monday as markets struggled to shake off deep uncertainty sparked by Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
Brexit Will Strengthen Britain, Trump Says	None	2016-06-24	Speaking in Scotland on Friday, Donald J. Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, welcomed Britains vote to leave the European Union.
Goldman Sachs, Barclays, HSBC Downplay Brexit Threat	Reuters	2016-06-24	Some of the world's largest banks have sought to play down fears of a catastophic hit to Britain's banking sector after the country voted to leave the European Union on Friday. 
Fed Cautious on Rates; Watching Brexit	Reuters	2016-06-21	Janet L. Yellen told the Senate on Tuesday that global risks, including the possibility of Britain leaving the European Union, and a less-robust American economy may preclude raising interest rates.
UK-Dependent U.S. Companies Downplay 'Brexit' Worries	Reuters	2016-06-21	U.S. companies which depend on the United Kingdom for sales are downplaying the risk that a vote by Britain to leave the European Union could seriously harm their businesses, even as economists and Wall Street have expressed concerns about the trans-Atlantic economic impact.
E.U. Countries Warn Britain on Brexit: Youll Pay if You Leave Us	The New York Times	2016-06-20	If they vote to depart the bloc, the British should expect an unforgiving response from Brussels, which is wary of other nations following suit.
Insurer Direct Line Flags 'Brexit' Investment Risk	Reuters	2016-03-01	A British exit from the European Union could hurt UK insurer Direct Line's investment portfolio and cause regulatory uncertainty, it said on Tuesday after posting a 3 percent rise in 2015 operating profit. 
Hammond Told May He Will Not Quit-Telegraph		2016-10-19	Chancellor Philip Hammond has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he will not quit the government after media reports of a split among senior ministers over Brexit, the Daily Telegraph said, citing an unidentified Hammond ally.
EU Appoints Frenchman Barnier as Brexit Negotiator	AP	2016-07-27	The European Union has appointed Frenchman Michel Barnier to lead to the negotiations on Britain's exit from the union once London decides to initiate the talks.
Hanover Courts British Business After Brexit	Reuters	2016-07-08	The German city of Hanover, best known for hosting trade fairs,  launched a campaign on Friday to woo UK companies to move there after Britain's decision to quit the European Union.
Great Britain or Little England? Brexit Vote Revives an Old Tension	The New York Times	2016-06-27	As Scotland and Northern Ireland weigh the possibility of breaking with England, some British people fear the kingdoms global power may decline.
British Retailers Battered by Vote for Brexit	Reuters	2016-06-24	Shares in British retailers were hammered on Friday as the country's decision to quit the European Union hit sterling and raised the prospect of another recession.
Brexit, Immigration, N.B.A. Draft: Your Friday Briefing	The New York Times	2016-06-24	Heres what you need to know to start your day.
Joining Forces to Prevent a Brexit	Reuters	2016-05-30	Mayor Sadiq Khan of London, of the Labour Party, and David Cameron, the Conservative prime minister, campaigned together against Britain leaving the European Union.
Factbox: What Would 'Brexit' Look Like?	Reuters	2016-02-17	As Britons debate whether to stay in or leave the European Union at a membership referendum, one of the key arguments is what a British exit, or "Brexit", would look like?
UK's May Is Throwing Full Weight Behind Winning Best Brexit Deal: Spokesman		2016-08-15	Prime Minister Theresa May is throwing the full weight of government behind her goal of winning the best Brexit deal for Britain but will not trigger the formal divorce procedure before the end of the year, her spokesman said on Monday.
Brexit Leaves Dutch Property Market Simmering	Reuters	2016-07-08	Until the British vote to leave the European Union last month Dutch real estate prices were booming, lifted from the depths of the financial crisis in the last three to four years by a surge in foreign investors seeking better yields.
Carney Steps Into the Brexit Breach Again	Reuters	2016-07-08	Brexit worries are set to dominate the coming week, with Bank of England Governor Mark Carney stepping into the policy breach once more as Britain begins a two-month wait to find out the identity of its next Prime Minister.
Brexit Upsets Londoners Who Find Harmony in a Cultural Cacophony	The New York Times	2016-07-04	London, where 100 languages are spoken and three million residents come from other countries, can feel like a world apart. The referendum provided the latest reminder.
Brexit Triggers Surprise Emerging Market Asset Rally	Reuters	2016-07-01	When British voters shocked world markets by voting to leave the European Union last week, emerging markets assets seemed among the most vulnerable to a full-on retreat to safe havens from riskier investments.
Brexit Shakes Hopes of Balkan EU Bidders	AP	2016-06-30	When Britain voted to leave the European Union, pro-Russians in Serbia were quick to proclaim the bloc's death: they lit candles and laid flowers in front of the EU headquarters in Belgrade and declared the country's efforts to join the 28-nation club null and void.
Soccer Embarrassment, Political Turmoil After Double Brexit	AP	2016-06-28	In a city that was once the playground of the British aristocracy, England's millionaire soccer players departed Tuesday looking as far from soccer nobility than at any time in the team's 144-year history.
Merkel Says E.U. Will Survive 'Brexit'	Reuters	2016-06-28	Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany said on Tuesday that the European Union will remain strong after Britains exit from the institution.
With Brexit, Washingtons Direct Line to the Continent Suddenly Frays	The New York Times	2016-06-27	Officials say no country shares the United States worldview quite the way Britain does in terms of security, intelligence and trade.
EU Names Belgian to Coordinate Brexit Negotiations	Reuters	2016-06-26	European Council President Donald Tusk has appointed a Belgian diplomat to coordinate negotiations with Britain on its exit from the European Union, a spokesman said on Saturday.
Surprise Brexit Vote Unleashes Scramble for Dollars	Reuters	2016-06-24	Britain's historic vote to leave the European Union sparked traders on Friday to scramble for dollars in an effort to buy U.S. bonds and to exit dollar-based bets based on U.K. voters favoring to stay in the bloc. 
