Marine Le Pen: After Brexit, the Peoples Spring Is Inevitable	The New York Times	2016-06-28	The decision that the British just made was an act of courage  the courage of a people who embrace their freedom.
Brexit: The Morning After	The New York Times	2016-06-24	No lead paragraph
Why Will Markets Recover From Brexit? Clues From Past Crises	The New York Times	2016-07-03	History provides some limited reassurance to the market turmoil after Britains vote to leave the European Union.
A Guide to Catching Up on Brexit and Reading the Tea Leaves		2016-06-29	This list will help you understand whats going on and why, whether youre just trying to grasp the basics or have been following all along but seek a deeper understanding.
Kisses Against Brexit	Reuters	2016-06-19	A kissing chain that stretched across Europe on Sunday was organized to encourage Britain to stay in the European Union.
Brexit Briefing: Conservative Mudslinging, and George Osborne Calls for Tax Cuts	The New York Times	2016-07-05	Michael Gove was criticized as having an emotional need to gossip, and Mr. Osborne said that he wanted to reduce Britains corporate tax to 15 percent.
Brexit Briefing: David Cameron Leaves Brussels Early; Conservatives Seek New Leader	The New York Times	2016-06-30	The British prime minister was excluded from European Union meetings, and Britains two main parties are both grappling with leadership changes.
In Brexit Debate, English Fishermen Eye Waters Free of E.U.	The New York Times	2016-04-15	As the vote on Brexit nears, an English Channel port is leaning toward Britains leaving the European Union and regaining control of its fishing grounds.
UK Unemployment Fell in Run-Up to Brexit Vote		2016-08-17	The number of unemployed people in Britain dropped in the three months through June, though not enough to bring down the jobless rate from 4.9 percent, its lowest level since 2005.
British Insurer Admiral Says Solvency Ratio Hurt by Brexit		2016-08-17	British insurer Admiral Group Plc said market volatility around Britain's vote to leave the European Union had impacted its solvency ratio, but said it did not currently expect a material impact on its daily operations.
Carney Speaks on Brexit	Reuters	2016-03-08	Bank of England Governor Mark Carney and Deputy Governor Jon Cunliffe spoke on Tuesday to members of Britain's parliament about the country's membership of the European Union, ahead of an in-out referendum on June 23.
After Brexit, Britain Could Look to Norway as a Model	The New York Times	2016-07-14	Norway is outside of the European Union, but it can trade easily with the blocs members; the hitch is that it must allow the free movement of people.
London, South of the River (Before Brexit)		2016-07-10	A return visit to the south side of the Thames finds a rich multicultural milieu that the author hopes wont change after the Brexit vote.
Brexit Gives G.O.P. Opening to Tilt From Donald Trump on Trade	The New York Times	2016-06-30	Even as Mr. Trump criticized free-trade deals on Tuesday, Speaker Paul D. Ryan and others said that it was important to forge a deal with Britain once it formally left the E.U.
A Blunt Message After Brexit: Bolting Will Carry a Heavy Price	The New York Times	2016-06-29	European Union leaders at a summit meeting made it clear to Prime Minister David Cameron that his country would not enjoy the benefits of membership without the responsibilities.
Brexit 'Fireworks' Give Comics Rich Pickings at Edinburgh		2016-08-18	For comics at this year's Edinburgh festival, Britain's vote to leave the European Union has been a blessing and a curse.
UK House Prices Rise, Consumers Regain Some Confidence After Brexit Hit		2016-08-31	British house price rises picked up speed in August and households recovered some confidence which had plunged after June's Brexit vote, according to surveys that added to signs of calm among consumers after the unexpected referendum result.
UK Investors Cut British Stocks, Bond Holdings to Multi-Year Lows Post-Brexit-Poll		2016-08-31	British investors continued to dump UK stocks and bonds in the wake of June's Brexit vote, slashing equity holdings to their lowest in a year and exposure to gilts to five-year lows, a Reuters asset allocation poll showed on Wednesday.
Why the Brexit Warnings Dont Seem to Be Working in Britain	The New York Times	2016-06-17	Gloomy forecasts of pain from a breakup have not resonated with British voters amid a generally sunny economy.
British Fashion Takes a Stand Against Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-16	The British fashion industry is finally waking up to the potentially damaging implications of Britains departure from the European Union.
Why the Brexit Warnings Dont Seem to Be Working in Britain	The New York Times	2016-06-17	Gloomy forecasts of pain from a breakup have not resonated with British voters amid a generally sunny economy.
British Fashion Takes a Stand Against Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-16	The British fashion industry is finally waking up to the potentially damaging implications of Britains departure from the European Union.
Brexit 'Fireworks' Give Comics Rich Pickings at Edinburgh		2016-08-18	For comics at this year's Edinburgh festival, Britain's vote to leave the European Union has been a blessing and a curse.
UK Investors Cut British Stocks, Bond Holdings to Multi-Year Lows Post-Brexit-Poll		2016-08-31	British investors continued to dump UK stocks and bonds in the wake of June's Brexit vote, slashing equity holdings to their lowest in a year and exposure to gilts to five-year lows, a Reuters asset allocation poll showed on Wednesday.
British Shoppers Defy Brexit Shock as Spending Jumps in July		2016-08-18	Shoppers in Britain shrugged off June's shock Brexit vote as retail sales jumped by much more than expected last month, adding to signs there has been little immediate hit for consumers.
Brexit Town Wants Government to 'Get on With It' and Leave EU		2016-08-31	Gazing out across the calm, gray North Sea toward northern France, families in Clacton enjoy the English summer, some sipping tea, others with cans of beer, outside wooden beach huts strung with union jack flags.
Options Sought as Merkel's Radio Silence Complicates Path to Soft Brexit Landing		2016-08-29	Triggering the procedure for Britain to exit the European Union is like turning off the engines on an airplane, a top European diplomat says: best only do it if you can see a landing strip. Otherwise, all parties risk a messy outcome.
Bunzl Sees No Material Brexit Impact, First-Half Profit Beats Consensus		2016-08-30	British business supplies distributor Bunzl Plc said on Tuesday it did not expect Britain's vote to leave the European Union to have a significant impact, after a string of deals helped it post a better-than-expected first-half profit.
British Consumer Morale Recovers Some of Its Brexit Slump in August-GfK		2016-08-30	British consumer morale in August recovered some of its post-Brexit slump, a survey showed on Wednesday, a latest sign that consumers are adjusting to the decision to leave the European Union.
We Still Need to Discuss How to Mention Brexit in G20 Communique-German Official		2016-08-30	G20 countries still need to discuss how to mention Brexit in the document of their upcoming summit in China, a German government official said on Tuesday.
Norway's Oil Fund Pares UK Property Portfolio After Brexit Vote		2016-08-17	Norway's $893-billion sovereign wealth fund cut the value of its UK property portfolio by 5 percent after Britain's vote to leave the EU, and is concerned at the prospect that Brexit might limit free movement of goods, services and people, it said on Wednesday.
UK Labour Market Shows Little Sign of Immediate Brexit Hit		2016-08-17	The number of people claiming unemployment benefit in Britain unexpectedly fell in July despite the shock decision by voters to leave the European Union, suggesting little immediate impact  from Brexit on the labour market.
Britain, EU Need New,' Fair and Binding' Rules for Post-Brexit Ties-Germany		2016-08-30	German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said Britain's decision to leave the European Union would have long-term consequences that were still difficult to estimate, and said both sides needed new, fair and binding rules for their future ties.
Hopes for U.K. Trade Deal With India Hit a Snag: Immigration	The New York Times	2016-11-07	Prime Minister Theresa May has received a rocky reception on a visit to India that was billed as a test of Britains ability to prosper outside the European Union.
Exclusive-German Trade Group Slashes Exports Forecast as Brexit Hit Looms		2016-08-29	Germany's BGA trade association slashed its 2016 forecast for export growth, its head said on Monday, predicting sales abroad by Europe's biggest economy would later stagnate as the delayed impact of Brexit hit home.
For Britain, Quitting the E.U.s Market May Be a Tough Sell	The New York Times	2016-10-24	One of the unions hallmark features allows Europeans to move and invest freely across borders, but Britains exit raises questions about what kind of access it may have.
German Minister Urges Britain: Get on With Brexit Talks		2016-08-16	Germany's European Affairs Minister held out the possibility of Britain achieving "special status" in its relationship with the European Union but pressed London to get on with starting talks on leaving the bloc early next year.
UK Manufacturers See Costs Jump in Wake of Brexit Vote		2016-08-16	The pound's sharp drop following Britain's vote to leave the European Union is starting to weigh on companies, particularly manufacturers, by increasing the cost of the imported raw materials and goods they require to do business.
Germany's Gabriel Says Poorly Handled Brexit Would See Europe Go Down the Drain		2016-08-28	German Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel said on Sunday that if Britain's exit from the European Union was badly handled and other member countries followed its lead, Europe would go "down the drain".
Exclusive-Exchange Bats Eyes New EU Base Outside London After Brexit		2016-08-25	Europe's biggest stock exchange Bats Europe could open a base outside London following Brexit, its head told Reuters, voicing doubts about whether the City of London would secure sufficient access to the European market.
No Impact From Brexit on Norway Gas Exports to Britain-Minister		2016-08-26	Exports of Norwegian gas to Britain will not be affected by Britain's vote to leave the European Union, Norway's oil and energy minister told Reuters.
'Brexit Discount' Makes London Property Cheaper for Some		2016-08-15	Price cuts of nearly 20 percent and a drop in the value of the pound have created "Brexit discount" bargains on some of the most expensive homes in central London -- if you have millions of pounds to spare.
Brexit Vote to Have 'Limited' Economic Impact on Germany-Bundesbank		2016-08-15	Britain's vote to leave the European Union should have limited immediate economic impact on Germany, the country's central bank said on Monday, noting the mood among entrepreneurs remained positive.
Factbox-UK Economy Suffers Little Immediate Brexit Hit, Tests to Come		2016-08-26	Two months after Britain decided to leave the European Union, consumers seem to have taken the result in their stride but there are some signs that the challenge for the economy has barely begun. 
British Minister Says Banks Need Access to EU Market		2016-10-20	Britain must find a "mechanism" that gives banks based in the UK access to the European Union's single market after the country leaves the bloc, a government minister said on Thursday.
UK Employers Scale Back Hiring Plans After Brexit Vote-Survey		2016-08-14	British employers have turned more cautious about hiring and are less likely to invest in training for their workers following the decision in June by voters to leave the European Union, a survey showed on Monday.
UK Consumers Powered Growth in Second Quarter Despite Approach of Brexit Vote		2016-08-26	LONDON - Britain's consumers increased their spending by the most since before the financial crisis in the three months running up to the country's Brexit vote, official data showed on Friday.
Still Confused About Brexit Macroeconomics	The New York Times	2016-07-12	No lead paragraph
India's Tata Motors First-Quarter Net Profit Halves on Forex Loss Post-Brexit Vote		2016-08-26	Foreign exchange losses after Britain's decision to leave the European Union and higher expenses offset strong sales growth at India's Tata Motors, more than halving its net profit in the April-June quarter.
London Firms Losing Faith in Quick-Fix Access to EU After Brexit		2016-08-26	Big financial groups in London are losing faith in a quick fix to get access to the European Union after Britain leaves the bloc and are instead drawing up contingency plans to avoid becoming hostage to Brussels politics.
