German Consumer Confidence Falls Amid Brexit, Terror Fears		2016-09-28	A closely watched survey shows German consumer confidence has dropped slightly amid concerns over Britain's decision to leave the EU and extremist attack threats.
Brexit Hits British Financial Sector	Reuters	2016-06-24	A market strategist and an economic adviser discuss the financial consequences of Britain's decision to leave the European Union.
UK Financial Sector Confidence Falls Further Amid Brexit		2016-09-26	A new survey shows that optimism in the financial services sector has fallen for a third consecutive quarter &#8212; the longest drop since the global financial crisis in 2009.
Scotland Pushes Back Against Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-28	Scottish leaders say they are voicing their peoples wish to stay in the European Union. Scotland overwhelmingly voted to remain a part of the bloc despite Britains vote to leave.
The Security Consequences of Brexit		2016-06-26	The alliances that have helped keep the peace in Europe have been shaken by Britains stunning vote.
British Youth React to Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-24	A day after the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union, despite young people solidly voting to remain, British youth aired their grievances.
Tangled Ties Complicate Brexit Vote	The New York Times	2016-05-27	The first British Austins ventured across a choppy channel long before the European Union was established.
Chappatte on Brexit: Final Preparations	The New York Times	2016-06-21	Those wishing to remain in the European Union, please disembark now.
Contemplating the Reality of Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-06	A reader writes that few people in Britain are aware of what the European Union actually does, and few care very much about it.
Credit Suisse CEO Says Bank Relatively Well Positioned for Brexit		2016-09-28	Credit Suisse Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam said on Wednesday that his bank was relatively well placed to deal with the impact of Britain's vote to leave the European Union. 
Britain to Seek Independent Membership of WTO After Brexit-Newspaper		2016-09-25	Britain intends to become an independent member of the World Trade Organisation when it leaves the European Union, trade minister Liam Fox will say next week, according to a report in the Sunday Telegraph newspaper.
Contemplating the Reality of Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-06	A reader writes that few people in Britain are aware of what the European Union actually does, and few care very much about it.
Boris Johnson Talks Post-Brexit	AP	2016-07-14	Boris Johnson, the newly appointed foreign secretary of Britain, said on Thursday that he expects Britain to have stronger ties with Europe and a greater profile globally after breaking from the European Union.
If Ruling Upheld, Britain to Need Act of Parliament to Trigger Brexit: Davis	Reuters	2016-11-03	If upheld, a court ruling demanding parliamentary approval to trigger the formal divorce procedure with the EU would require an act of parliament involving both the upper and lower houses, Britain's Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday. 
Fears and Hopes After Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-28	No lead paragraph
World Leaders on Brexit Vote	The New York Times	2016-06-23	Leaders and officials from Europe, Asia and North America expressed their views this week about the referendum on Britains membership in the European Union.
Nationalism and the Brexit Vote		2016-06-20	The referendum has become something of a battleground for all democracies where anti-immigrant hostilities are building.
Chappatte on Brexit: Final Preparations	The New York Times	2016-06-21	Those wishing to remain in the European Union, please disembark now.
Britain Promises Brexit Will Not Create Legal Vacuum at WTO		2016-09-27	Britain's trade minister promised on Tuesday its departure from the European Union would not create a legal vacuum at the World Trade Organization, and said Britain was determined to champion free trade. 
Mayor of London Says Banks Must Have Post-Brexit Access to Europe	Reuters	2016-10-27	Failing to maintain access for banks to the European Union market after Brexit would be an act of "economic sabotage" that would ripple across Britain, London Mayor Sadiq Khan will say on Thursday.
Anti-Brexit Group Challenges UK Government Over Article 50 Disclosure		2016-09-24	A group opposed to Britain's exit from the European Union has accused the government of refusing to allow it to make public the official justification for triggering Article 50 to start the Brexit process without a parliamentary vote.
UK CEOs Consider Pulling Up Stakes Because of Brexit		2016-09-26	A survey of company CEOs in Britain suggests that a majority is considering moving some business away from the U.K. amid concerns about the country's future outside the European Union.
Brexit Shock Has Been Digested for Now, Ifo Economist Says		2016-09-26	The shock over Britain's decision to quit the European Union has been overcome for now, Ifo economist Klaus Wohlrabe told Reuters on Monday after the institute's monthly survey showed business morale in Germany surging in September.
Hammond Says Wants to Put Financial Services at Heart of Brexit Talks	Reuters	2016-10-25	British finance minister Philip Hammond reiterated on Tuesday that he wanted to prioritise the country's financial services sector in talks about the country's new relationship with the European Union.
UK Government Must Spell Out Brexit Plans: Opposition Labour		2016-09-26	The main opposition Labour party called on the government to spell out its strategy for negotiating Britain's exit from the European Union, saying it had no brief to "do whatever the hell they like with our country".
Wealth Manager St James's Place Sees Asset Boost After Brexit Vote	Reuters	2016-10-25	Wealth manager St James's Place has reported a near 9 percent rise in the value of its assets, buoyed by financial market gains and strong demand for its personal investment advice in the wake of Britain's vote to exit the European Union.
Intu to Sell Stake in London Mall at Slim Post-Brexit Premium	Reuters	2016-10-25	Intu Properties has agreed to sell its stake in a London mall for a slightly higher price than its value before Britain's vote to leave the European Union, and it said long-term lease demand by international retailers remained strong.
Europe Bank Head Calls Markets 'Resilient' After Brexit Vote		2016-09-26	The president of the European Central Bank says both markets and the economy have been "resilient" in the wake of Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
BoE Says It May Tighten Bank Capital Rules After Brexit Relief	Reuters	2016-11-03	Banks in Britain may face stricter capital requirements to counter relief given to banks in the immediate aftermath of the June vote to leave the European Union, a top Bank of England official said on Thursday.
Britain's Labour Calls on PM May to Consult Parliament on Brexit Terms	Reuters	2016-11-03	Britain's main opposition Labour Party said Thursday's court ruling demanding parliamentary approval for the start of the formal divorce from the EU underlined the need for Prime Minister Theresa May to consult lawmakers on her negotiating terms. 
Britain's Labour Calls on PM May to Consult Parliament on Brexit Terms	Reuters	2016-11-03	Britain's main opposition Labour Party said Thursday's court ruling demanding parliamentary approval for the start of the formal divorce from the EU underlined the need for Prime Minister Theresa May to consult lawmakers on her negotiating terms. 
After Court Ruling, Merkel Ally Says EU Needs Brexit Clarity by March	Reuters	2016-11-03	The European Union needs clarity on Britain's intentions on leaving the bloc by March next year to avoid chaos hitting European elections in 2019, a senior member of German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives said on Thursday.
Virgin Money Joins Rival UK Banks to Shrug Off Brexit Chill	Reuters	2016-11-01	Virgin Money Holdings Plc joined other British banks in reporting resilient demand following Britain's vote to leave the European Union, saying it had its strongest ever quarter for mortgage lending after the June referendum.
Ireland Cuts 2016 GDP Forecast Ahead of 'Brexit-Proof' Budget		2016-09-22	Ireland has shaved 0.5 percent off its growth forecast for 2016 as well as 2017 ahead of a budget due next month that will aim to "Brexit-proof" the economy from further damage, the minister for public expenditure said on Thursday.
'Hard Brexit' Would Knock 3.5 Percent Off Irish GDP in a Decade-Report	Reuters	2016-11-07	A British exit from the European Union that left trade with the bloc governed by World Trade Organisation rules would knock around 3.5 percent off Ireland's gross domestic product within a decade, an Irish government report estimated on Monday. 
Aligning UK Bank Rules With EU Is Best After Brexit-Think Tank	Reuters	2016-11-02	Britain should focus on convincing the European Union that it will abide by rules that are robust enough for its financial sector to continue serving customers across the bloc after Brexit, a think tank said on Wednesday.
No Link Between EU-Canada Trade Agreement and Brexit: EU's Juncker	Reuters	2016-10-30	The completion of a trade deal with Canada will have no impact on negotiations between the European Union and Britain, which in June voted to leave the bloc, EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Sunday.
Northern Ireland Leader Says Special Status for Province Possible After Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-29	Northern Ireland could have a different relationship to the European Union's single market or customs union from the rest of the United Kingdom following its exit from the EU, the leader of the British province said on Saturday.
Bank of England May Have Double-Counted Brexit Costs-Forbes		2016-09-22	The Bank of England may need to revise up its growth forecasts after double-counting some of the costs of economic uncertainty linked to the country's Brexit vote, policymaker Kristin Forbes said in an interview published on Thursday.
UK Rating at Risk of Downgrade if It Gets Poor Brexit Deal-Moody's	Reuters	2016-11-02	Britain's credit rating is at risk of a downgrade if it fails to preserve core elements of its access to the European Union's single market, ratings agency Moody's said on Wednesday.
Ahead of Brexit, Some Banks Quietly Shift M&A Bankers to Frankfurt	Reuters	2016-11-07	Global banks are quietly building up their investment banking teams in Frankfurt as the German deals market hots up, boosting the city's chances of being one of the financial centers to  benefit most from Britain's vote to leave the European Union. 
UK Car Industry Body Says Govt Must Give Public Brexit Reassurance to Investors	Reuters	2016-10-27	Britain should publicly reassure firms that the key advantages of European Union membership will be kept following Brexit, a car industry body said on Thursday, after Nissan said it would build a new model at its English plant. 
ECB's Villeroy Tells Banks and Insurers to Prepare for Hard Brexit	Reuters	2016-11-03	Euro zone banks and insurers need to prepare in case Britain opts for so-called hard Brexit where it loses access to EU financial markets, ECB policymaker Francois Villeroy de Galhau said on Thursday.
Nissan to Build New Models in UK After May Offers Support Post-Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-27	Japanese carmaker Nissan will build two new models in Britain despite the vote to quit the EU, giving Prime Minister Theresa May her most important corporate endorsement since the Brexit referendum in June.
Belchambers-Led Brexit Forum to Launch in October		2016-09-21	An advisory forum on Brexit bringing together figures from Britain's financial services industry who campaigned on both sides of the referendum debate will formally launch on Oct. 19. 
Northern Irish Brexit Ruling Has 'No Automatic Implications' for Scotland: Scottish Government	Reuters	2016-10-28	A ruling by Northern Ireland's High Court to reject an attempt to block the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union had no immediate read-across to Scotland's situation, a spokesman for the Scottish government said on Friday.
City of London Calls for Post-Brexit Banking Rules That Aid Competitiveness	Reuters	2016-10-26	London's financial district has called for a UK regulatory regime that does not harm competitiveness, responding to bankers' fears that being outside the European Union will reduce the capital's clout in global markets.
Brexit Will Smooth Trump's Path to U.S. Presidency: UK's Farage		2016-09-21	Brexit will inspire support for Donald Trump and smooth his path to victory in the U.S. presidential election in November, according to Nigel Farage, an architect of the political uprising that saw Britons vote to leave the European Union.
Firms Still Hiring but Brexit Worries Dent Confidence-Survey		2016-09-20	British employers plan to hire more staff to meet demand but confidence about future investment and hiring has deteriorated because of worries about the impact of Britain's exit from the European Union, a survey by a recruitment body showed.
Real Estate Firm AXA IM to Continue Major London Project Despite Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-26	AXA Investment Managers - Real Assets said it would continue the construction of its '22 Bishopsgate' project in London's financial district, despite the uncertainty following Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
