Banks Preparing to Leave UK Over Brexit, Says Banking Body Chief Executive		2016-10-23	Big international banks are preparing to move some of their operations out of Britain in early 2017 due to the uncertainty over the country's future relationship with the European Union,  a top banking official said.
Bank of England May Have Double-Counted Brexit Costs-Forbes		2016-09-23	The Bank of England may need to revise up its growth forecasts after double-counting some of the costs of economic uncertainty linked to the country's Brexit vote, policymaker Kristin Forbes said in an interview published on Thursday.
Best Outcome of Brexit Talks Is to Avert It: German Experts	Reuters	2016-11-02	The best outcome of Brexit negotiations between Britain and the European Union would be to keep the country in the bloc, a committee of academic advisers to the German government said in a report on Wednesday.
Britain's Devolved Nations Must Not Undermine Brexit Talks: PM May's Spokeswoman		2016-10-24	Britain's devolved governments should not undermine the country's negotiating position ahead of European Union exit talks by conducting their own discussions with the bloc, British Prime Minister Theresa May's spokeswoman said on Monday.
Brexit Pushes SNB to Highest Forex Purchases Since Scrapping Cap		2016-09-21	Switzerland's central bank made more foreign currency purchases in the second quarter than at any time since it stunned financial markets more than a year ago by ending a cap on the Swiss franc, data showed on Wednesday.
Court Ruling Does Not Derail Brexit Timetable, Says UK PM May's Spokeswoman	Reuters	2016-11-03	The British government still plans to trigger formal divorce talks with the European Union by the end of March and does not believe a court ruling demanding parliamentary approval will derail that, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokeswoman said.
Real Estate Firm AXA IM to Continue Major London Project Despite Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-26	AXA Investment Managers - Real Assets said it would continue the construction of its '22 Bishopsgate' project in London's financial district, despite the uncertainty following Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
Brexit Talks Must Cause as Little Friction as Possible for EU-Merkel	Reuters	2016-11-02	German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday that Brexit negotiations between Britain and the European Union should cause as little friction as possible within the bloc.
Sterling Enjoys Best Week Since 2009 as 'Hard Brexit' Fears Ease	Reuters	2016-11-04	The pound rose almost a cent on Friday to register its best week against the dollar since October 2009, as worries eased that Britain would undergo a "hard" exit from the European Union and lose its access to the single market.     
Access to EU Financial Services Market Key to Britain's Brexit Talks: Minister	Reuters	2016-11-03	Access to the European Union market for financial services is a key part of Britain's negotiations to leave the bloc and it is vital that the industry remains "highly competitive", financial services minister Simon Kirby said on Thursday, 
British Official Hosts EU Ambassadors to Seek Brexit Signals-Sources		2016-09-22	A senior British official made clear during a meeting with ambassadors from European Union countries in London this week that his government wants a signal from the EU about what kind of Brexit deal it is willing to accept before triggering divorce talks, EU sources said.
Swiss Hope UK Will Be Like-Minded Ally Post-Brexit-NZZ		2016-10-21	Switzerland hopes to have a like-minded ally outside the European Union once Britain leaves the EU, a top Swiss diplomat told the Neue Zuercher Zeitung newspaper. 
Brexit Hits Speed Bump as Court Rules Lawmakers Must Get Say	AP	2016-11-03	Britain's plans to leave the European Union hit a large speed bump Thursday, as the High Court ruled that the government can't start exit negotiations without a vote in Parliament.
UK Third Housebuilding Plans Show No Impact of Brexit Vote-Industry Data	Reuters	2016-11-03	British housebuilders have not scaled back construction plans in the three months since the country voted to leave the European Union, data showed on Thursday, despite central bank forecasts for a sharp slowdown in housing investment.
Hammond Tells Banks They Will Be a Priority in Brexit Talks		2016-10-19	Chancellor Philip Hammond sought to reassure Britain's powerful banking sector that he would protect its access to skilled labour and the European Union's single market once the country leaves the bloc.
Access to EU Financial Services Market Key to Britain's Brexit Talks: Minister	Reuters	2016-11-03	Access to the European Union market for financial services is a key part of Britain's negotiations to leave the bloc and it is vital that the industry remains "highly competitive", financial services minister Simon Kirby said on Thursday, 
IG Reports 'Increasingly Subdued' Markets After Brexit Vote		2016-09-20	Online trading company IG Group Holdings Plc said on Tuesday financial markets had become "increasingly subdued" in the two months after Britain's shock vote to leave the European Union, presenting clients with limited trading opportunities.
The Current Account Deficit and What It Means for Brexit Britain		2016-10-19	Britain has long relied on foreigners to fund a big deficit in its balance of payments, a risk that has been heightened by the country's decision to leave the European Union.
UK PM May Seeks to Boost Trade Ties With India Before Brexit	Reuters	2016-11-06	British Prime Minister Theresa May will use her first bilateral trade trip since taking office to try to boost ties with India before leaving the European Union.
Northern Ireland Leader Says Special Status for Province Possible After Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-31	Northern Ireland could have a different relationship to the European Union's single market or customs union from the rest of the United Kingdom following its exit from the EU, the leader of the British province said on Saturday.
The Current Account Deficit and What It Means for Brexit Britain		2016-10-19	Britain has long relied on foreigners to fund a big deficit in its balance of payments, a risk that has been heightened by the country's decision to leave the European Union.
IG Reports 'Increasingly Subdued' Markets After Brexit Vote		2016-09-20	Online trading company IG Group Holdings Plc said on Tuesday financial markets had become "increasingly subdued" in the two months after Britain's shock vote to leave the European Union, presenting clients with limited trading opportunities.
Ex-UK Leader Says Voters Should Be Able to Reconsider Brexit	AP	2016-10-28	Britain's former leader, Tony Blair, said Friday that the nation's voters should be given another chance to weigh in on whether the U.K. should leave the European Union.
Oxford Ranked World's Top University, Just as Brexit Looms		2016-09-22	The University of Oxford, the oldest university in the English-speaking world and feeder for the British elite, has topped a global education ranking for the first time, but its vice-chancellor warned that Brexit could damage its long-term prospects.
UK PM May Seeks to Boost Trade Ties With India Before Brexit	Reuters	2016-11-06	British Prime Minister Theresa May will use her first bilateral trade trip since taking office to try to boost ties with India before leaving the European Union.
Fewer EU Nationals Apply to Study in Britain After Brexit Vote	Reuters	2016-10-27	The number of early applicants to British universities from other European Union countries has dropped by 9 percent year-on-year following Britain's vote to leave the EU, official data showed.
Flight of Financial Activity From UK Likely in 'Hard Brexit'-ECB's Lane	Reuters	2016-10-28	There is likely to be a significant flight of financial activity out of Britain if companies are no longer regulated on equivalent terms to those in the European Union after Brexit, European Central Bank council member Philip Lane said on Friday.
Germany Hopes May Will Spell Out Brexit Vision at EU Summit		2016-10-19	British Prime Minister Theresa May will inform European Union leaders on her thinking about Britain's exit from the bloc at a summit later this week and Germany hopes she will set out a Brexit vision, a senior German government official said.
Builder Persimmon to Slow Pace of Land-Buying After Brexit Vote	Reuters	2016-11-02	Britain's second-biggest housebuilder Persimmon said it will slow the pace of new land purchases due to the uncertainty likely next year as Britain starts divorce talks with the EU, despite sales rising almost a fifth since the Brexit vote. 
UK Finance Minister Wants Fiscal Headroom in Case of Brexit Hit-FT	Reuters	2016-11-02	Chancellor Philip Hammond plans to adopt a flexible fiscal framework that would allow the budget deficit to rise should Britain's exit from the European Union hit economic growth, the Financial Times newspaper reported on Wednesday.
UK Finance Minister Wants Fiscal Headroom in Case of Brexit Hit-FT	Reuters	2016-11-02	Chancellor Philip Hammond plans to adopt a flexible fiscal framework that would allow the budget deficit to rise should Britain's exit from the European Union hit economic growth, the Financial Times newspaper reported on Wednesday.
Fewer EU Nationals Apply to Study in Britain After Brexit Vote	Reuters	2016-10-27	The number of early applicants to British universities from other European Union countries has dropped by 9 percent year-on-year following Britain's vote to leave the EU, official data showed.
Scotland and Others Expected to Join Brexit Legal Challenge: Lead Claimant	Reuters	2016-11-06	Scotland's devolved government is expected to join a legal challenge against the British government's plans to trigger an exit from the European Union, the lead claimant in the court case said on Sunday.
Exclusive: Deutsche Telekom Mulls BT Stake Sale After Brexit Vote-Sources	Reuters	2016-11-04	Deutsche Telekom is considering selling its 12 percent stake in BT Group, two sources familiar with the matter said, paving the way for it to leave the British telecoms market following Britain's vote to quit the European Union. 
Germany Hopes May Will Spell Out Brexit Vision at EU Summit		2016-10-19	British Prime Minister Theresa May will inform European Union leaders on her thinking about Britain's exit from the bloc at a summit later this week and Germany hopes she will set out a Brexit vision, a senior German government official said.
Brexit Likely to Knock 0.25 Percent Points Off German Growth in 2017-Study	Reuters	2016-10-25	The impact of Britain's vote to leave the European Union will shave around 0.25 percentage points off growth in Germany, Europe's largest economy, in the coming year, a study quoted in a regional German newspaper suggested on Tuesday.
U.S. Treasury's Lew Urges UK and EU to Ensure Smooth Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-31	U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said Britain and the European Union need to ensure their economies remain "highly integrated" when Britain leaves the bloc, after he met financial industry representatives in London on Monday.
UK PM May Says Brexit Vote Will Not Undermine Northern Ireland Peace Deal	Reuters	2016-10-26	There is no reason Britain's June vote to leave the European Union should undermine a 1998 Northern Irish peace deal, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday.
BoE's Woods Says No Let Up in Bank Regulation Due to Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-26	Banks in Britain won't face a new wave of rules, nor will there be a respite from implementing the revolution already agreed, the country's top banking regulator said on Wednesday.
China and Brexit Pose Risks to Global Growth, Says ECB		2016-09-22	Global growth is likely to accelerate next year but the outlook is fraught with risks, particularly from big emerging market economies including China, and Britain's decision to leave the EU, the European Central Bank said on Thursday.
AccorHotels Says Attacks Hit France in Q3; Weak Post-Brexit Pound Boosts UK		2016-10-18	AccorHotels, Europe's top hotels group, cut back the upper end of its 2016 profit target range on Tuesday after French and Belgian operations were hit by security fears in the third quarter.
UK Households' View on Finances Unchanged After Brexit Shock		2016-09-21	British households' expectations about their personal finances held steady in September, a survey showed on Wednesday, another sign that consumers so far have been largely unperturbed by the  country's vote to leave the European Union.
U.S. Treasury's Lew Urges UK and EU to Ensure Smooth Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-31	U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said Britain and the European Union need to ensure their economies remain "highly integrated" when Britain leaves the bloc, after he met financial industry representatives in London on Monday.
Ireland Joins Queue to Prise Industry Watchdogs From London After Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-25	Ireland put itself forward on Tuesday as the latest candidate to lure the European Medicines Agency (EMA) and the European Banking Authority (EBA) should they uproot from London after Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
UK Says Nissan Was Not Offered Compensation to Build New Models After Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-27	Britain did not offer Nissan compensation in return for any Brexit-induced costs to persuade the Japanese carmaker to build new models in Britain, Prime Minister Theresa May's spokesman said on Thursday.
UK's Fox Says CETA Delays Show Need to Reach UK-EU Deal Before Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-26	The difficulties in concluding an EU-Canada trade deal show the importance of Britain reaching an agreement over its future relationship with the EU before it leaves the bloc, British trade minister Liam Fox said on Wednesday.
Unclear if May Will Say Anything New on Brexit at EU Summit: Germany		2016-10-19	European Union leaders are interested to hear from British Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday how she sees Britain's future relations with the EU but are not sure she will say anything new on her Brexit thinking, a senior German official said.
UK-U.S. Trade Talks Impossible Until Brexit Clarified-U.S. Trade Representative		2016-10-17	Britain needs to sort out its relationship with the European Union before it can begin to talk to the United States about any post-Brexit trade deal, U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said in Geneva on Monday.
UK PM to Offer Scotland, Wales, North Ireland Talks With Brexit Minister		2016-10-23	Representatives of the Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish governments will get a chance to tell Brexit minister David Davis how they hope Britain's future relationship with the EU will work, under plans the government announced on Monday.
At Her First Summit, May Tries to Reassure EU on Brexit		2016-10-20	Attending her first European Union summit since Britain's vote to leave the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May tried to reassure EU leaders over Brexit but was told by French President Francois Hollande to prepare for tough negotiations.
