UK Government Bond Trading Volume Gets a Huge Brexit Boost		2016-10-11	The volume and value of UK government bonds changing hands since Britain's decision in June to leave the European Union has soared by as much 400 percent, figures on Tuesday showed.
Hollande Says Brexit Should Not Put Free Movement at Risk		2016-10-15	French President Francois Hollande said on Saturday that Britain's decision to leave the European Union should not jeopardize the bloc's principle of free movement.
British Government Bond Yields Rise to Highest Since Brexit Result		2016-10-14	British government bond yields rose to their highest since the results of the country's vote to leave the European Union on Friday as a weakening pound stoked inflation expectations.
Ireland Unveils 'Brexit-Proof' Budget, Opposition Calls It 'Pathetic'		2016-10-11	Ireland's finance minister unveiled his "Brexit-proof" budget on Tuesday, but business groups and the opposition said it failed to protect the economy from the likely impact of its main trading partner, Britain, quitting the European Union.
Collapsing Mushroom Sector Exposes Flaws in Ireland's Brexit Response		2016-10-14	Ireland's mushroom industry provides a stark warning to the rest of the country's economy about the damage a sustained weakness in sterling could inflict on Irish exporters, the sector most vulnerable to the impact of Brexit.
Tesco, Unilever Settle Prices Row After Pound's Brexit Dive		2016-10-14	Britain's biggest retailer, Tesco, settled a pricing row with Unilever after halting online sales of goods produced by the Anglo-Dutch giant in a dispute caused by a plunge in the pound since Britons voted to leave the EU.
For Scottish Shortbread Maker, Sterling Crunch Pushes Up Brexit Costs		2016-10-08	Sterling's plunge since Britain voted to leave the European Union has pushed up costs so much for Scottish shortbread maker Bill Dean that he may have to lift prices to balance the books.
Brexit to Be Difficult Process Like No Other-Croatia President		2016-10-12	Croatia's president called for the country's new government to adopt an outward looking stance on Tuesday and said she expected Britain's negotiations to leave the EU to be long and difficult and required a tailor-made deal.
EU's Tusk Says Britain Might Yet Back Out of Brexit		2016-10-13	Britain might ultimately decide not leave the European Union as the EU will not offer London any softer terms than a damaging "hard Brexit", Donald Tusk, who will run the negotiations for Brussels, said on Thursday.
UK's May Always Saw Parliament Playing Important Brexit Role: Spokeswoman		2016-10-12	Prime Minister Theresa May always wanted parliament to play "an important role" in Britain's departure from the European Union and her agreement to demands for a "full and transparent" debate in the chamber reflects that, her spokeswoman said.
Scotland's Sturgeon Seeks to Unite Opposition to 'Hard Brexit'		2016-10-12	Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will seek to unite and lead political opposition throughout Britain to any "hard Brexit", according to a speech to be given on Thursday.
UK's May Always Saw Parliament Playing Important Brexit Role: Spokeswoman		2016-10-12	Prime Minister Theresa May always wanted parliament to play "an important role" in Britain's departure from the European Union and her agreement to demands for a "full and transparent" debate in the chamber reflects that, her spokeswoman said.
EU's Tusk Says Britain Might Yet Back Out of Brexit		2016-10-13	Britain might ultimately decide not leave the European Union as the EU will not offer London any softer terms than a damaging "hard Brexit", Donald Tusk, who will run the negotiations for Brussels, said on Thursday.
Property Developer Countryside Says Trading Picks Up After Brexit Dip		2016-10-12	Property developer Countryside Properties said on Wednesday strong trading since the last week of July had more than offset an initial jump in cancellation rates after Britain's vote to leave the European Union in June.  
Post-Brexit, EU's Military Powers Argue for Common Defenses		2016-10-12	France, Germany, Italy and Spain have joined forces to plead for a common European defense policy, seeking to keep up momentum on a project Paris and Berlin hope can forge unity following Britain's vote to quit the bloc.
UK Business Group Worried by Government's Brexit Comments		2016-10-10	The British government is facing criticism from business groups over statements suggesting the U.K. is heading for a hard divorce from the European Union &#8212; and pressure from lawmakers who want Parliament to have a vote on the proposed exit terms.
Fujitsu's 1,800 British Job Cuts 'Not Linked to Brexit'		2016-10-11	Japanese electronics giant Fujitsu Ltd said on Tuesday it was cutting 1,800 jobs in Britain as part of a "transformation programme" but that the move was not linked to the country's vote to leave the European Union.
Getting Best Brexit Deal for Banks 'Absolute Priority'-UK Minister		2016-10-11	Getting the best deal for the City of London will be an "absolute priority" in Brexit trade talks with the European Union, Britain's financial services minister said on Tuesday as banks warned they may start moving from London next year.
Brexit Impact on Economy Follows IMF's Modest Scenario-IMF's Thomsen		2016-10-07	The impact of Britain's decision to leave the European Union on the country's economy is so far following a modest scenario envisaged by the International Monetary Fund, the IMF's head of the European Department Poul Thomsen said on Friday.
Threat of 'Hard Brexit' Pulls Down Wall Street		2016-10-04	U.S. stocks dropped on Tuesday as investors fretted about Britain's exit from the European Union and the prospect of a Federal Reserve interest rate hike in coming months.
Threat of 'Hard Brexit' Pulls Down Wall Street		2016-10-04	U.S. stocks dropped on Tuesday as investors fretted about Britain's exit from the European Union and the prospect of a Federal Reserve interest rate hike in coming months.
Anti-Brexit Vitol Chief Says Weak Pound Helps, Risks Remain		2016-10-10	The head of energy trader Vitol who helped fund the unsuccessful campaign to keep Britain in the European Union said on Monday the pound's demise since the Brexit vote has helped to lower costs for his London offices.
Handful of Wealthy Donors Dominated Brexit Campaign Funding: Report		2016-10-07	More than half the money donated to groups campaigning in Britain's EU membership referendum was given by 10 individuals or companies, according to research published on Friday, raising questions over the outsize influence of the wealthy on politics. 
JCB to Quit UK Business Lobby Group Amid Brexit Differences		2016-10-11	The maker of JCB diggers, one of the most prominent businesses to back Britain leaving the European Union, is leaving the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) lobby group, which opposed the country's "Brexit" vote in a June 23 referendum. 
AP Interview: ECB Official Plays Down Brexit Hit to Eurozone		2016-10-07	Britain's exit from the European Union single market would not hurt the continent's eurozone economies as much as initially expected, and it will be Britain that suffers most, European Central Bank official Yannis Stournaras said Friday.
Hammond Says Sterling Fall Reflects Brexit Realisation-Sky News		2016-10-07	Chancellor Philip Hammond said sterling's sharp fall this week may reflect investors' realisation that Britain is going to leave the European Union, Sky News reported on Friday.
Staffing Firm PageGroup Says UK Market 'Fragile' After Brexit		2016-10-11	Confidence among employers in Britain is "fragile" following the country's vote to leave the European Union, with multinational firms holding off from hiring, particularly in the financial services sector, recruiter PageGroup said on Tuesday.
Handful of Wealthy Donors Dominated Brexit Campaign Funding - Report		2016-10-06	More than half the money donated to groups campaigning in Britain's EU membership referendum was given by 10 individuals or companies, according to research published on Friday, raising questions over the outsize influence of the wealthy on politics. 
Scottish Nationalists Say UK Has 'No Mandate' for Hard Brexit		2016-10-08	British Prime Minister Theresa May has no democratic mandate to pursue a 'hard Brexit' that would cut political and trade ties with the European Union, the Scottish National Party said ahead of its annual conference later this week.
EU Executive Says Won't Negotiate Brexit Before Notification		2016-10-03	The European Commission said on Monday it would "work constructively" with Britain on the terms of the country's exit from the European Union but only once London formally notifies the EU of its intention to leave.
Deutsche Post Committed to Britain Despite Brexit Vote		2016-10-09	Deutsche Post DHL remains committed to Britain despite its vote to leave the European Union and so far it has been business as usual for its customers, the company's finance chief said.
Pound Slump Exacerbates Brexit Impact for German Exporters-DIHK		2016-10-09	Britons' vote to leave the European Union is already affecting German exports to Britain and a drop in sterling, which hit a 31-year low on Friday, is making things worse, Germany's DIHK Chambers of Industry and Commerce has said.
UK Business Group Worried by Government's Brexit Comments		2016-10-10	The British government is facing criticism from business groups over statements suggesting the U.K. is heading for a hard divorce from the European Union &#8212; and pressure from lawmakers who want Parliament to have a vote on the proposed exit terms.
UK Businesses Urge Government to Rule Out 'Worst' Brexit Options		2016-10-08	Britain's government needs to immediately rule out leaving the European Union without securing preferential access to the bloc's single market, or investment will suffer, the head of a leading business organization said on Saturday.
Brexit Makes Euro Zone Sustainability Less Likely: JPMorgan CEO		2016-10-07	Britain's vote to leave the European Union has made it more likely that the euro zone will not be around in 10 years, JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co CEO Jamie Dimon told bankers on Friday.    "Brexit makes the chance of the euro zone not surviving 10 years from now five times higher," Dimon said at the Institute of International Finance's 2016 annual membership meeting in Washington.
PwC Says Companies Now Over Initial Brexit Shock		2016-10-03	Auditing and corporate advisory firm PwC [PWC.UL] believes companies have overcome the initial shock of Britain's vote to leave the European Union and are getting on with preparing for the changes that lie ahead, the firm said on Tuesday.
'Hard Brexit' Could Cost British Finance Firms 38 Billion Pounds		2016-10-05	Britain's financial industry could lose up to 38 billion pounds ($48.34 billion) in revenue in a so-called 'hard Brexit' that would leave it with restricted access to the European Union's single market, according to a report commissioned by an industry group.
UK Construction Industry Shrugs Off Post-Brexit Vote Slump-PMI		2016-10-04	Britain's construction industry unexpectedly returned to growth in September, according to a survey that will add to doubts whether the Bank of England will ready more stimulus to offset the hit of June's Brexit vote. 
Britain Extends Guarantee to Replace EU Funding After Brexit		2016-10-03	Britain will guarantee to cover any European Union funding secured ahead of the country's exit from the bloc, finance minister Philip Hammond said on Monday, extending an existing pledge to ease concerns that Brexit could hurt investment. 
UK Accused of Barring Non-Citizens From Advising on Brexit		2016-10-07	The London School of Economics says some of its academics will no longer be allowed to advise the U.K. government on Britain's exit from the European Union because they are not British citizens.
UK Construction Industry Shrugs Off Post-Brexit Vote Slump-PMI		2016-10-04	Britain's construction industry unexpectedly returned to growth in September, according to a survey that will add to doubts whether the Bank of England will ready more stimulus to offset the hit of June's Brexit vote. 
Britain Extends Guarantee to Replace EU Funding After Brexit		2016-10-03	Britain will guarantee to cover any European Union funding secured ahead of the country's exit from the bloc, finance minister Philip Hammond said on Monday, extending an existing pledge to ease concerns that Brexit could hurt investment. 
Leader of Pro-Brexit UKIP Party Quits After 18 Days		2016-10-04	Diane James resigned as the leader of the pro-Brexit UK Independence Party (UKIP) on Tuesday, citing personal and professional reasons, after 18 days in the role.
UK Accused of Barring Non-Citizens From Advising on Brexit		2016-10-07	The London School of Economics says some of its academics will no longer be allowed to advise the U.K. government on Britain's exit from the European Union because they are not British citizens.
Hammond Vows to Protect UK Economy During Brexit, Sterling Falls		2016-10-03	British finance minister Philip Hammond vowed on Monday to protect the economy from any turbulence during negotiations to leave the EU, as sterling fell on worries the country is heading towards a disruptive divorce with its biggest trading partner.
Juncker Says EU Must Be Firm Over UK's Brexit Manoeuvring		2016-10-07	European Union members must take a firm stance with Britain over the bloc's free movement of labour rules during Brexit divorce talks, Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the EU's executive body the European Commission, said on Friday.
Theresa May Pitches Brexit 'Quiet Revolution' to Turn Britain's Course		2016-10-06	For Prime Minister Theresa May, Britain's vote to leave the European Union is a demand for the biggest change in at least a generation in the way the United Kingdom is run.
Britain's Hammond Promises New Economic Plan to Handle Brexit Turbulence		2016-10-03	Britain needs a new fiscal plan to navigate economic turbulence caused by Britain's vote to leave the European Union, finance minister Philip Hammond said on Monday, stressing the need to balance spending cuts with infrastructure investment.
Theresa May Pitches Brexit 'Quiet Revolution' to Turn Britain's Course		2016-10-07	For Prime Minister Theresa May, Britain's vote to leave the European Union is a demand for the biggest change in at least a generation in the way the United Kingdom is run.
Sterling Falls in Asia After PM Sets Brexit Deadline		2016-10-02	Sterling &lt;GBP=D4&gt; traded half a U.S. cent lower in early Asia on Monday after British Prime Minister Theresa May said she would trigger the process for the UK to leave the European Union by the end of March.
