UK Job Growth Slows but Labour Market Withstanding Brexit Shock-ONS		2016-10-19	Job creation in Britain slowed in the three months to August although there was little sign of a big hit to the labour market from the country's decision to leave the European Union, official data showed on Wednesday.
Unclear if May Will Say Anything New on Brexit at EU Summit: Germany		2016-10-19	European Union leaders are interested to hear from British Prime Minister Theresa May on Thursday how she sees Britain's future relations with the EU but are not sure she will say anything new on her Brexit thinking, a senior German official said.
UK-U.S. Trade Talks Impossible Until Brexit Clarified-U.S. Trade Representative		2016-10-17	Britain needs to sort out its relationship with the European Union before it can begin to talk to the United States about any post-Brexit trade deal, U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman said in Geneva on Monday.
UK PM to Offer Scotland, Wales, North Ireland Talks With Brexit Minister		2016-10-23	Representatives of the Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish governments will get a chance to tell Brexit minister David Davis how they hope Britain's future relationship with the EU will work, under plans the government announced on Monday.
For British Bank Start-Up, Brexit Has Silver Lining-More Loans	Reuters	2016-10-25	Rishi Khosla didn't vote for Brexit, but he says it has proven a boon for his new start-up bank.
Foreign Firms Say UK Profits Hit by Brexit Vote, Weak Sterling		2016-10-18	The drop in sterling and some weakening in demand following the vote to leave the European Union have eaten into the earnings of foreign firms operating in Britain, companies have been saying as they reveal their third quarter results this month.
Slavery Victims in UK 'Worse Off' After Brexit, Says Parliamentary Watchdog Chair		2016-10-18	Victims of human trafficking could find themselves excluded from the "best legal protections" after Britain leaves the European Union, the chairwoman of a parliamentary anti-trafficking watchdog said on Tuesday.
City of London Calls for Post-Brexit Banking Rules That Aid Competitiveness	Reuters	2016-10-25	London's financial district has called for a regulatory regime in the UK that does not harm competitiveness as bankers fear that being outside the European Union will reduce the capital's clout in global markets.
London's Core Role in Euros Under Spotlight After Brexit Vote		2016-09-18	Banks in Britain are the largest borrowers and lenders of euros outside the single currency area, BIS figures showed on Sunday, underscoring what's at stake for Britain if its lenders fail to maintain access to EU markets after the country leaves the bloc.
UK Whisky Lobby Head Steps Down to Help Foreign Minister With Brexit	Reuters	2016-10-25	The head of a group representing Scotland's whisky industry will become a close aide to British Foreign Minister Boris Johnson, part of a drive to strengthen Britain's diplomatic and trading clout as it leaves the European Union.
UK PM to Offer Scotland, Wales, North Ireland Talks With Brexit Minister		2016-10-23	Representatives of the Scottish, Welsh and Northern Irish governments will get a chance to tell Brexit minister David Davis how they hope Britain's future relationship with the EU will work, under plans the government announced on Monday.
UK's Post Brexit Food Price Rises to Be Muted-Industry Executives		2016-10-18	Food price rises in the wake of sterling's post-Brexit vote slump will be softened by intense competition in the industry, which is currently still driving them lower, grocery executives said on Tuesday.
Brexit Prompts Some Jewish Britons to Reconcile With German Roots		2016-09-21	For London rabbi Julia Neuberger, Britain's vote to leave the European Union has had a very personal impact: she has decided to seek German citizenship, laying to rest her family's painful legacy of the Nazi era.
London's Core Role in Euros Under Spotlight After Brexit Vote		2016-09-18	Banks in Britain are the largest borrowers and lenders of euros outside the single currency area, BIS figures showed on Sunday, underscoring what's at stake for Britain if its lenders fail to maintain access to EU markets after the country leaves the bloc.
In EU's Interests to Give Britain Tariff-Free Trade Post-Brexit-Minister		2016-10-23	Britain will have tariff-free trade with the European Union after it leaves the bloc as it is in both sides interests to do so, transport minister Chris Grayling said on Sunday.
May Rejects Talk of 'Hard Brexit', Says UK's Options Not Binary	Reuters	2016-10-24	British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Monday it was not accurate to suggest that Britain was headed for a "hard Brexit" because it does not face a binary choice between curbing immigration and getting a good trade deal with the EU.
Britain's PM May Heads to India With Eye on Post-Brexit Trade		2016-10-15	British Prime Minister Theresa May will lead a delegation of small and medium-size businesses to India in November as part of efforts to bolster trade with countries outside the European Union as Britain prepares to leave the bloc.
UK Could Slash Corporation Tax to 10 Percent if EU Blocks Brexit Trade Deal-Sunday Times		2016-10-23	Britain could slash corporation tax to 10 percent if the European Union refuses to agree a post-Brexit free trade deal or blocks UK-based banks from accessing its market, the Sunday Times reported, citing an unidentified source.
Britain Looks at Paying Into EU Budget After Brexit to Get Market Access-FT		2016-10-17	Britain might continue to pay billions of pounds into the European Union's budget after Brexit to maintain single-market access for the City of London and other sectors under plans being discussed by government, the Financial Times reported.
At Her First Summit, UK's May Tries to Reassure EU on Brexit		2016-10-20	Attending her first European Union summit since Britain's vote to leave the bloc, Prime Minister Theresa May tried to reassure EU leaders over Brexit but was told by French President Francois Hollande to prepare for tough negotiations.
Not in UK Interest to Restrict Movement of Talent: Brexit Minister		2016-10-20	It will not be in Britain's national interest to restrict the free movement of highly talented people when it leaves the European Union, Brexit minister David Davis said on Thursday.
Finland Wants Security Cooperation to Be Part of Brexit Talks: PM		2016-10-19	Finland hopes that security cooperation will be part of the negotiations for Britain's exit from the European Union, Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila said on Wednesday.
Exclusive: Parlez-Vous Brexit? EU Negotiator Wants Brits to Talk French		2016-10-21	The European Union's lead Brexit negotiator would like British and EU officials to work in French rather than English during the divorce talks, an EU official familiar with Brussels' Brexit task force told Reuters on Friday.
London Wraps Up Fashion Week Amid Brexit Uncertainty		2016-09-20	London wrapped up its seasonal fashion week on Tuesday after five days of luxury and highstreet labels unveiling colorful and eclectic collections amid Brexit uncertainty.
British Parliament Must Have Vote on Final Brexit Deal: Senior Lawmaker		2016-10-20	Britain's parliament must have a vote on an eventual agreement between the United Kingdom and the European Union on leaving the bloc, said a senior lawmaker who is chairman of parliament's Brexit committee.
UK's Arbuthnot Warns of Post-Brexit Rate Cut Hit to Bank Margin		2016-10-13	Arbuthnot Banking Group Plc warned on Thursday the net interest margin at its commercial banking unit would fall in the short term due to the Bank of England's base rate cut following Britain's vote to leave the European Union in June.
Factbox: UK Heads for Brexit Showdown With EU-What's at Stake		2016-10-20	Prime Minister Theresa May will come under pressure from other European Union leaders on Thursday to say what kind of deal she wants for Britain when it leaves the bloc.
France Warns UK Premier of Tough Time Ahead in Brexit Talks		2016-10-20	France warned British Prime Minister Theresa May at her maiden European Union summit that she would face a tough, unyielding bloc if she sought too many concessions during the negotiations to leave the 28-nation EU.
Iceland Would Welcome Britain Into EFTA After Brexit-Iceland Foreign Minister		2016-10-19	Iceland would welcome Britain, its biggest trading partner, back into the European Free Trade Association (EFTA), Icelandic Foreign Minister Lilja Alfredsdottir said on Wednesday in London. 
EU Watchdog Says MiFID II Securities Rules May Need Tweaks After Brexit		2016-10-20	A sweeping reform of European Union securities rules to apply lessons from the 2008 financial crisis may need to be adapted after Britain leaves the bloc, a senior regulatory official said on Thursday.
Sterling Near Record Low as Court Hears Brexit Vote Was Just 'Advisory'		2016-10-13	Sterling traded close to a record low in trade-weighted terms on Thursday, kept under heavy pressure by worries that Britain will undergo a "hard Brexit" that will sever ties with Europe's single market.
Scotland Could Control Its Own Migration After Brexit, Says Scots Minister		2016-10-14	Scotland may try to wrest control over migration as part of a new enhanced devolution deal once Britain leaves the European Union, Scotland's minister for EU negotiations said on Friday.
British Banks Call for End to Surcharge on Profits Amid Brexit Uncertainty		2016-10-19	British banks are calling for the government to phase out an extra tax on profits at a time of significant upheaval following Britain's vote to leave the European Union and its potential hit to London's financial dominance.
Bridging UK Gender Gap an Imperative in Light of Brexit: Expert		2016-10-12	British companies should hire more women to make up for potential losses in talent and productivity that some fear could follow Britain's exit from the European Union, the head of the Chartered Management Institute (CMI) said on Wednesday.
Keeping Euro-Clearing in London Not a Top Priority in Brexit Talks-Minister		2016-10-19	The future of London's financial clearing business is a significant consideration in Britain's negotiations on leaving the European Union, but is probably not a top priority for government, its financial services minister said on Wednesday.
Brexit All Bad? Tourists Lap Up Plunging Pound for Bargain Visits		2016-10-12	When the pound plunged this month on new worries about Brexit, New Yorkers Derek Hotter and Ian Clark hopped on a plane for an impromptu holiday in Britain.
German Car Industry Warns UK That 'Hard Brexit' Could Trigger Shift South		2016-10-17	Parts of Britain's car industry could move to southeast Europe if it loses access to the EU's single market in its divorce negotiations, the president of Germany's VDA auto industry association said.    
UK Shoppers Spend More in September, Brexit Worries Likely to Weigh-BRC		2016-10-11	British consumers picked up the pace of their spending in September after a weak August, but the country's planned exit from the European Union is likely to weigh on sales ahead, an industry group said on Tuesday.
Finland Wants Security Cooperation to Be Part of Brexit Talks: PM		2016-10-19	Finland hopes that security cooperation will be part of the negotiations for Britain's exit from the European Union, Finnish Prime Minister Juha Sipila said on Wednesday.
UK Firms Reined in Investment Plans After Brexit Vote-Survey		2016-09-19	British companies scaled back their investment plans in the month after Britain voted to leave the European Union, a survey by Lloyds Bank showed on Monday, a further sign the decision is likely to have a lasting impact on the economy.
Bridging UK Gender Gap an Imperative in Light of Brexit: Expert		2016-10-12	British companies should hire more women to make up for potential losses in talent and productivity that some fear could follow Britain's exit from the European Union, the head of the Chartered Management Institute (CMI) said on Wednesday.
Brexit All Bad? Tourists Lap Up Plunging Pound for Bargain Visits		2016-10-12	When the pound plunged this month on new worries about Brexit, New Yorkers Derek Hotter and Ian Clark hopped on a plane for an impromptu holiday in Britain.
German Car Industry Warns UK That 'Hard Brexit' Could Trigger Shift South		2016-10-17	Parts of Britain's car industry could move to southeast Europe if it loses access to the EU's single market in its divorce negotiations, the president of Germany's VDA auto industry association said.    
UK Shoppers Spend More in September, Brexit Worries Likely to Weigh-BRC		2016-10-11	British consumers picked up the pace of their spending in September after a weak August, but the country's planned exit from the European Union is likely to weigh on sales ahead, an industry group said on Tuesday.
UK Firms Reined in Investment Plans After Brexit Vote-Survey		2016-09-19	British companies scaled back their investment plans in the month after Britain voted to leave the European Union, a survey by Lloyds Bank showed on Monday, a further sign the decision is likely to have a lasting impact on the economy.
Mitie Warns on Profits as Brexit Vote Stalls Outsourcing Decisions		2016-09-19	Shares in Mitie fell by 28 percent on Monday after the British business and public services outsourcing group warned on profits this year, saying some large new contracts had not come through as the vote to leave the EU had surprised some customer firms, causing them to put off new investment decisions.
Chappatte on Britains Vote to Leave	The New York Times	2016-06-24	Brexit becomes reality.
Sterling Bounces Off Record Trade-Weighted Low as MPs Flex Brexit Muscles		2016-10-12	Sterling rebounded from a record low in trade-weighted terms on Wednesday after Britain's prime minister said she would give lawmakers some scrutiny of the Brexit process and would seek "maximum possible access" to Europe's single market.
HSBC Forecasts Sterling at $1.10 by End 2017 on Brexit Woes		2016-10-07	HSBC said on Friday it forecast the pound to drop to $1.10 and parity against the euro by the end of 2017 as fears of a "hard" Brexit intensify.
Nissan's Ghosn to Make Brexit Investment Decision by End of Year		2016-10-14	Japan's Nissan will decide by the end of the year whether to build its new Qashqai SUV model at Britain's biggest car plant, a source told Reuters, after CEO Carlos Ghosn met Prime Minister Theresa May to seek reassurance over the impact of Brexit.
