Northern Ireland Court to Consider Whether Brexit Requires Parliament Vote		2016-10-03	Northern Ireland's High Court is to begin hearing a legal challenge on Tuesday against British plans to leave the European Union without a vote in the Westminster parliament.
Attacks in a British Town Highlight a Debate Over Ethnic Tensions		2016-09-17	Some warn that the vote to leave the E.U. unleashed latent racism, while others caution that not every alcohol-fueled altercation has its basis in racial and ethnic differences.
EU's Tusk Welcomes UK Statement on Brexit Timing		2016-10-02	Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, said Britain's statement on the timing of EU exit talks brought "welcome clarity" to the situation.
EU Roadmap to Reinventing Itself After Brexit		2016-09-16	The Bratislava Declaration
Irish Passport Applications From Britons Double Since Brexit		2016-10-05	The number of Irish passport applications by British citizens has almost doubled since June's vote to leave the European Union and the rate of enquiries is continuing to accelerate, Ireland's foreign office said on Wednesday.
Britain Shouldn't Expect to Pre-Negotiate on Brexit: Merkel Ally		2016-10-04	Britain should not expect to hold any "pre-negotiations" with the European Union on its exit from the bloc, Germany's deputy finance minister said, adding that London must keep its borders open if it wants to retain access to the EU's single market.
Pro-Brexit Conservatives Hand PM Plan to Limit EU Immigration		2016-10-01	High-profile Conservatives outlined proposals for a post-Brexit system of work permits on Saturday, highlighting the pressure Prime Minister Theresa May faces to cut immigration and appease eurosceptics while addressing the concerns of business leaders.
UK Banks Target Eurosceptic Ministers as 'Hard Brexit' Fears Grow		2016-10-04	As Britain's banks brace for a "hard Brexit" that could sever their links with the EU market, they are changing lobbying strategy and focussing efforts on eurosceptic cabinet ministers to try to secure a transitional period for their industry.
French Finance Minister Warns Britain Against 'Hard Brexit' Battle		2016-10-04	French Finance Minister Michel Sapin said on Tuesday that Britain's decision to trigger talks to leave the European Union as late as March was a sign London was preparing for tough negotiations, risking a "hard Brexit" not in its interests.
Brexit Vote Feeds Scotlands Alienation		2016-08-27	The vote for a British exit from the European Union felt crushing to the Scots. But despite everything, another independence referendum feels far away.
Ireland Cuts GDP Growth Forecast on Brexit Concerns		2016-10-04	Ireland on Tuesday cut its gross domestic product forecast for 2017 on concerns about the fall-out from Britain's vote to leave the European Union and said risks were centred "firmly to the downside."
Brexit Vote Feeds Scotlands Alienation		2016-08-27	The vote for a British exit from the European Union felt crushing to the Scots. But despite everything, another independence referendum feels far away.
EU Lawmakers to Push Own Brexit Plan Once May Declares		2016-10-04	The European Parliament aims to set limits on what deal Britain can strike with EU governments once it launches the process of leaving the bloc, the legislature's Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt said on Tuesday.
Hammond Says Brexit Deal Should Not Harm Economy-Telegraph		2016-09-30	British controls on immigration following the country's referendum decision to leave the European Union must not be damaging for the economy, finance minister Philip Hammond was quoted as saying in the Daily Telegraph story on Friday.
Unprepared British Consumers Face Brexit-Driven Price Squeeze		2016-10-04	Any British shoppers tempted by Apple's new iPhone are having to dig deeper into their pockets after June's Brexit vote as the U.S. tech giant raised the sterling price by 60 pounds when the model went on sale on Sept. 16.
British PM May Says Brexit Timetable Important for Businesses		2016-10-04	Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday it was important to set out the timing of Britain's exit from the European Union to reassure businesses after sterling plunged in the wake of her announcement of the deadline.
UK Factory Surge Casts Doubt on Further Brexit Stimulus		2016-10-03	British factories had their strongest month in more than two years in September, a survey showed, raising doubts about whether the central bank and finance ministry will announce more stimulus measures to offset the economic hit of the Brexit vote.
UK Expects Years of Turbulence During Brexit Talks		2016-10-03	Britain's Treasury chief has warned of turbulence in coming years as the country negotiates its exit from the European Union, while the pound fell on indications the government may give up on continued access to the EU's common market.
HeidelbergCement Relaxed About Brexit, Had Good August in UK		2016-09-30	Germany's HeidelbergCement is seeing strong business in the UK and is more worried about the economic effects if Donald Trump wins the U.S. presidential election than it is about Brexit, its chief executive said on Friday.
Lead EU Negotiator on Brexit: No Compromise on EU Principles		2016-10-04	A lead EU negotiator on Britain's departure from the European Union says the bloc would disintegrate if it bargains away the principle of free movement of its citizens.
British PM May Says Brexit Timetable Important for Businesses		2016-10-04	Prime Minister Theresa May said on Tuesday it was important to set out the timing of Britain's exit from the European Union to reassure businesses after sterling plunged in the wake of her announcement of the deadline.
Britain's Finance Sector at Odds Over Brexit Lobbying		2016-10-02	Large banks in Britain have clashed with other parts of the financial sector about who should be leading efforts to lobby the government over Brexit.
Santander Seen Mapping Out Post-Brexit Targets in Investor Update		2016-09-29	Banco Santander is expected to adopt more conservative targets in Britain to reflect the immediate impact of the Brexit vote when the Spanish bank updates investors on its strategy on Friday.
FTSE Hits 16-Month High After Brexit Date Set		2016-10-03	UK shares opened higher on Monday, rising after Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May said that she would trigger the process to leave the European Union by the end of March, which put pressure on sterling.
Britain Will Launch Brexit by April , Prime Minister Says		2016-10-02	Britain will begin the formal process of leaving the European Union by the end of March, Prime Minister Theresa May said Sunday, seeking to ease concern about the nation's future and the threat of reduced foreign investment and the weakening of the economy.
UK Consumer Confidence Surges to Pre-Brexit Levels-Survey		2016-09-30	British consumer morale rocketed back to pre-Brexit levels in September, a survey found, confounding expectations that the vote to leave the EU would wreak more lasting damage on Briton's willingness to spend. 
Britain Must Explain Brexit Strategy to Limit Uncertainty: Think Tank		2016-09-28	Britain needs to begin explaining its Brexit strategy to avoid prolonged uncertainty for businesses and negotiating partners, a London-based think tank said on Thursday, warning that internal squabbling risked undermining the government's position.
Brexit Ball in Britain's Court-Austrian Finance Minister		2016-09-29	The Brexit ball is in Britain's court and the country should start the procedure to exit the European Union as soon as possible, Austrian Finance Minister Hans Joerg Schelling said on Thursday.
UK Commercial Property Robust in Wake of Brexit Vote-Moody's		2016-09-26	Britain's commercial property market remains robust in the wake of a vote to leave the European Union, although a weaker economic outlook may see some prices dip over the next two years, ratings agency Moody's said.
Highlights: British PM May on Brexit, Article 50 and Trade		2016-10-02	Britain will trigger the formal divorce process from the European Union by the end of March 2017, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday.
British PM May Says Is Listening to Businesses' Brexit Demands		2016-10-02	The British government is talking to businesses to find out what sort of deal they want from the country's exit negotiations with the European Union, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday.
'Brexit' Debate Enters Final Round	Reuters	2016-06-19	After the murder of the British lawmaker Jo Cox last week, the stay campaign on Britain's referendum on whether to leave the European Union seemed to gain momentum.
Fast Response to Brexit News: A Pop-Up Paper Finds Success in Britain		2016-09-14	The New European was conceived as a short-term weekly offering in the wake of Britains vote to leave the European Union, but it has been a surprise success.
UK's Brexit Minister Says Workers' Rights Will Be Protected		2016-10-01	The UK's Brexit minister David Davis will say on Sunday that employment rights will be protected when the country leaves the European Union, the Telegraph newspaper reported on its website. 
PM Vows to Make Britain 'Sovereign' in First Brexit Detail		2016-10-01	Prime Minister Theresa May will promise to make Britain "a sovereign and independent country" by repealing the act that took it into what is now the European Union next year, she told the Sunday Times newspaper.
A London Protest Against 'Brexit'	AP	2016-07-02	Thousands of people gathered in Englands capital on Saturday to voice their discontent with the vote to exit the European Union.
Deeply Divided, Britain's Labour Fails to Challenge May on Brexit		2016-09-27	With the re-election of Jeremy Corbyn as leader unlikely to heal  deep rifts in Britain's Labour, the only significant opposition that Prime Minister Theresa May looks likely to face as she plots Britain's divorce from the EU is from her own party.
Cameron Makes Pitch Against 'Brexit'	Reuters	2016-06-22	On Tuesday, speaking in front of No. 10 Downing Street, Prime Minister David Cameron of Britain made an appeal to older Britons to vote to stay in the European Union.
UK Consumer Confidence Surges to Pre-Brexit Levels-Survey		2016-09-29	- British consumer morale rocketed back to pre-Brexit levels in September, a survey found, confounding expectations that the vote to leave the EU would wreak more lasting damage on Briton's willingness to spend. 
Close Brothers Shrugs Off Brexit Worries as FY Profit Rises		2016-09-27	British lender Close Brothers Group reported a 4 percent rise in full-year adjusted profit due to a strong banking division and said retail trading had improved in its market-making business, driven in part by Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
Australia Premier Concerned About Brexit	Reuters	2016-06-24	Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull of Australia said on Friday he expects a period of uncertainty and some instability in global markets following Britains Brexit vote.
UK Services Sector Grew More Than Expected After Brexit Vote		2016-09-30	Britain's pivotal services sector has defied expectations in the weeks after the vote to leave the European Union.
A Greek View of Brexit	The New York Times	2016-04-25	For two centuries, Greece and Britain have been tied together. Now both nations, from very different positions, pose a serious threat to the E.U.
Scotland Tells London: Give Us Clarity on What Brexit Means		2016-09-27	Scotland wants to have more detail about how the British government plans to leave the European Union to prevent a "hard Brexit" that would severely damage the economy, Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said on Tuesday.
Why a Brexit Looms Large	The New York Times	2015-09-22	For decades, there's been a grudging consensus for Britain's membership in the European Union. Now it's broken.
UK Commercial Property Robust in Wake of Brexit Vote-Moody's		2016-09-27	Britain's commercial property market remains robust in the wake of a vote to leave the European Union, although a weaker economic outlook may see some prices dip over the next two years, ratings agency Moody's said.
Hollande: Post-Brexit Relationship Needs to Be Well Defined		2016-09-28	French President Francois Hollande says the European Union wants to keep working with Britain once it leaves the trade bloc, but only under "very well defined criteria."
UK's Globalized Car Industry Wary of Brexit Impact		2016-09-28	This should be a fine time for British carmakers, with sales on the rise, but for one major storm front &#8212; the impossible-to-predict ramifications of the country's vote to leave the European Union.
Nissan Sets 'Hard Brexit' Compensation Condition for New UK Investment		2016-09-29	Nissan wants Britain to pledge compensation for any tax barriers resulting from its decision to leave the European Union, or the Japanese automaker could scrap a potential new investment in the country's biggest car plant, its CEO said on Thursday. 
German Consumer Confidence Falls Amid Brexit, Terror Fears		2016-09-28	A closely watched survey shows German consumer confidence has dropped slightly amid concerns over Britain's decision to leave the EU and extremist attack threats.
