With Brexit, Washingtons Direct Line to the Continent Suddenly Frays	The New York Times	2016-06-27	Officials say no country shares the United States worldview quite the way Britain does in terms of security, intelligence and trade.
EU Names Belgian to Coordinate Brexit Negotiations	Reuters	2016-06-26	European Council President Donald Tusk has appointed a Belgian diplomat to coordinate negotiations with Britain on its exit from the European Union, a spokesman said on Saturday.
Surprise Brexit Vote Unleashes Scramble for Dollars	Reuters	2016-06-24	Britain's historic vote to leave the European Union sparked traders on Friday to scramble for dollars in an effort to buy U.S. bonds and to exit dollar-based bets based on U.K. voters favoring to stay in the bloc. 
Germany's E.ON Says Brexit Consequences Are Manageable	Reuters	2016-06-24	German utility E.ON on Friday said the decision by British voters to leave the European Union was manageable for the company because its business in Britain was regional.
Heavy Trading Predicted Around Brexit Vote	Reuters	2016-06-19	U.S. stock markets could see heavy trading and increased volatility as investors position for next week's referendum on whether Britain remains in the European Union.
Battle lines drawn in 'Brexit' vote	Reuters	2015-10-12	British pro-Europeans have launched their campaign to keep their country inside the European Union, makig a play for tnot just th business case but the patriotic one too. Ivor Bennett reports.
Handelsbanken Remains Optimistic About UK Operations		2016-10-19	Sweden's Handelsbanken plans to press ahead with its expansion in Britain despite the country's vote to leave the European Union, newly appointed Chief Executive Anders Bouvin said on Wednesday.
Glass Cliff, Not Just Ceiling, Often Impedes Women Rising in Politics		2016-10-07	The theory holds that women are often placed in positions of power when the situation is dire, men are fleeing and the likelihood of success is low.
UK PM May Promises EU Exit 'in Full' Despite Legal Challenge	Reuters	2016-11-06	British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday she would deliver a full exit from the European Union, hitting back at critics of her Brexit strategy who have threatened to try to block the process in parliament.
Halfords Eyes 'Staycation' Boost After Brexit Vote	Reuters	2016-07-14	British bicycles to car parts retailer Halfords could benefit from the country's vote to leave the European Union if the fall in sterling means more Britons opt to holiday in the UK rather than overseas, its boss said on Thursday.
