Employment Firm PageGroup Feels the Pinch From Brexit Vote		2016-08-11	Recruitment firm PageGroup Plc said it was uncertain what impact Britain's decision to leave the European Union is having on its employment markets although it had already seen some fall-off in demand in the lead-up to the vote. 
HSBC, StanChart Help UK Banking Index Recoup Post-Brexit Losses		2016-08-09	Britain's leading banking index inched higher on Tuesday and recovered, in sterling terms, all of the losses it suffered in the aftermath of June's landmark vote in which the UK vote to leave the European Union.
Savills Says UK Commercial Property Business Hit by Brexit Vote		2016-08-09	Estate agent Savills said profits at its British commercial property business more than halved in the first six months of the year, hit by uncertainty before the EU referendum that has made it harder to predict the full-year performance. 
PM May Says Britain Will Forge Bespoke Relationship With EU		2016-10-02	There is no such thing as a choice between 'soft' and 'hard' Brexit as Britain will forge a unique future relationship with the European Union, Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday.
Software Group GFT Cuts Profit Outlook on Brexit Fallout		2016-08-11	Financial software group GFT Technologies cut its 2016 profit outlook on Thursday due mainly to the impact of the fall in sterling after Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
Thyssenkrupp Sees Brexit Vote Neutral for Steel Merger Chances		2016-08-11	Britain's vote to leave the European Union does not change the likelihood of Thyssenkrupp and Tata merging their steel operations, Thyssenkrupp's finance chief said.
UK Orders Keep Rising at Irish Building Group Kingspan After Brexit Vote		2016-08-22	Irish building materials group Kingspan said new orders at its large UK business had risen by 7 percent year-on-year since the end of June, dispelling fears that it would be hit by Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
Travis Perkins Says Brexit Created 'Considerable Uncertainty'	Reuters	2016-08-02	Builders' merchant Travis Perkins said Britain's vote to leave the European Union had created "considerable uncertainty" in the outlook for the building supplies market, with weaker demand in the run up to and period following June's vote.
London Mayor Says Loss of Bank Access to EU Market Would Be 'Sabotage'	Reuters	2016-10-28	Failing to maintain access for banks to the European Union market after Brexit would be an act of "economic sabotage" that would ripple across Britain, London Mayor Sadiq Khan will say on Thursday.
Flight Bookings to Britain Rise After Brexit Weakens Pound		2016-08-08	Flight bookings to Britain rose in the month following the country's vote to leave the European Union as international visitors sought to take advantage of a cheaper UK-based holiday after a slump in the pound. 
Voestalpine Sees No Negative Impact From Brexit So Far-CEO		2016-08-09	Austria's Voestalpine has not seen any major negative impact from Brexit on its business so far and does not expect any long-term negative effects as the company was prepared to transfer some of its business from Britain to other European markets, the group's chief executive said.
Flight Bookings to Britain Rise After Brexit Weakens Pound		2016-08-08	Flight bookings to Britain rose in the month following the country's vote to leave the European Union as international visitors sought to take advantage of a cheaper UK-based holiday after a slump in the pound. 
New York Nabs Global Property Crown From London on Brexit Fears		2016-08-19	New York has knocked off London as the world's premier city for foreign investment in commercial real estate due to fears the vote to leave the European Union would diminish the British capital's appeal as a global financial center.
Nissan Seeks to Boost South Korean Output on Post-Brexit Yen Surge		2016-08-16	Nissan Motor wants to increase the output of its Rogue model at Renault's factory in South Korea this year, as a stronger yen makes exports from Japan less competitive, a Renault executive told Reuters.
Britain's Fintech Sector Seeks Light at End of Brexit Tunnel		2016-08-08	Six weeks after Britain's vote to leave the European Union threw London's future as a leading global fintech hub into doubt, there are tentative signs the country's reputation for innovation in financial services will survive.
Lookers Says Brexit Vote Has Not Had Significant Impact on Car Sales		2016-08-17	Lookers, which operates around 150 dealerships in Britain and Ireland, said on Wednesday the vote to leave the European Union has not had any major impact on sales of new and used cars.
UK PM May Says to Work With Nissan to Maintain Competitiveness	Reuters	2016-10-27	Prime Minister Theresa May said on Thursday she will work with Nissan to maintain Britain's competitiveness after the Japanese carmaker said it will build two new models at its north of England plant despite concerns over Brexit. 
German Economy to Grow Despite Increased Risks Such as Brexit-Ministry		2016-08-18	- The German economy remains on a solid growth path despite the recent slowdown in the second quarter, but external risks have increased after the British decision to leave the European Union, the Finance Ministry said on Friday.
ECB Keen to Keep Stimulus Hopes in Check at Meeting After Brexit Vote		2016-08-18	European Central Bank rate setters agreed not to discuss any policy change at their July meeting and to keep market hopes for more stimulus in check, despite rising risks linked to Britain's vote to leave the European Union, minutes showed on Thursday.
RBS Losses and Costs Mount as Brexit Fallout Looms Large		2016-08-05	Royal Bank of Scotland reported wider first-half losses, 1.3 billion pounds of new litigation charges and axed plans to turn its Williams &amp; Glyn business into a stand-alone bank on Friday as it braces for post-Brexit shocks to the UK economy.
UK Households Recover From Brexit Hit to Confidence on Finances, Markit Says		2016-08-17	British households have recovered from a loss of confidence about their finances after the country voted to leave the European Union, a survey showed on Wednesday, another sign consumers are taking the referendum result in their stride.
Norway Wealth Fund Downgrades Value of UK Property Portfolio After Brexit		2016-08-17	Norway's $893-billion wealth fund, the world's largest, has downgraded the value of its UK property portfolio by five percent following Britain's vote to leave the European Union due to increased uncertainty, a top fund official said on Wednesday. 
'Mission Impossible': Tight Brexit Timeline Unsettles Germans	Reuters	2016-07-21	German Chancellor Angela Merkel and fellow European leaders are pressing the new British government to trigger divorce proceedings with the European Union as soon as possible.
UK Aerospace Puts Brave Face on Brexit	Reuters	2016-07-15	With UK factories working at full tilt to meet bumper demand for aeroplanes, aerospace executives have been quick to brush aside fears of any imminent threat from Britain's exit from the European Union. 
Bank of England Holds Key Interest Rate Steady Despite Uncertainty Over Brexit	The New York Times	2016-07-15	The British central bank signaled that it could lower the rate as soon as August in a bid to bolster the countrys economy.
Companies' Forex Hedging Jumped Before Brexit Vote	Reuters	2016-07-11	Hedging of currency risks by small and medium-sized British companies surged before June's referendum on EU membership, but thousands were probably still exposed to the past fortnight's huge swings in the pound, a survey on Monday showed. 
Brexit Vote Roils London Real Estate Market	AP	2016-07-08	Henry Pryor, who has helped people buy homes in London for more than 30 years, says only war would be a bigger threat to the housing market than the conditions it faces now after Britain's vote to leave the European Union.
Swiss Industry Fears Brexit Vote After-Shocks	Reuters	2016-06-30	The recovery of Swiss industry in recent months could be hurt by Britain's vote to quit the European Union, the country's manufacturers' association said on Thursday.
Donald Trump, in Scotland, Calls Brexit Result a Great Thing	The New York Times	2016-06-25	Touching down in Scotland to visit his luxury resort and golf course, Mr. Trump took a victory lap of sorts after Britain voted to leave the European Union.
Turbulence and Uncertainty for the Market After Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-25	Britains vote to leave the Europe Union kicks off a fraught and unpredictable process likely to spook investors around the world.
UK Farmland Demand Falls Sharply as Brexit Adds to Price Woes		2016-08-16	Demand for farmland in Britain fell sharply in the first half of 2016, hurt by low commodity prices and uncertainty around the European Union membership referendum, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) said on Wednesday. 
UK Labour Market Enters 'Freefall' After Brexit Vote, REC Says		2016-08-05	Britain's labour market entered "freefall" after the vote to leave the European Union, with the number of permanent jobs placed by recruitment firms last month falling at the fastest pace since May 2009, a survey showed on Friday.
Britain Reaffirms Commitment to Gibraltar Post Brexit	Reuters	2016-07-16	Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson reaffirmed Britain's commitment to Gibraltar on Saturday and said it would fully involve the territory in its discussions with the European Union following last month's vote to leave the bloc.
Pro-Brexit City of Sunderland Glad to Poke Establishment in the Eye	The New York Times	2016-06-28	Sunderland, England, a former shipbuilding center with high unemployment, voted overwhelmingly for leaving the European Union, though the city benefited from the bloc.
Friday Night Music: A Song for Brexit	The New York Times	2016-06-17	No lead paragraph
Sadiq Khan, Londons New Mayor, and David Cameron Find Common Cause Fighting Brexit	The New York Times	2016-05-31	After heated exchanges during the recent mayoral campaign, the prime minister and Sadiq Khan of the Labour Party are working together on European Union vote.
Airbus Group Sees 'Brexit' Hurting UK Competitiveness	Reuters	2016-02-24	Airbus Group expects the competitiveness of its British operations to fall if Britons vote to leave the European Union in a referendum, potentially threatening the scale of the planemaker's operations in the country.    
Britain's Bankers Step Up Opposition to 'Brexit'	Reuters	2016-02-22	Britain's financial industry stepped up its campaign against the country leaving the European Union on Monday after Prime Minister David Cameron named a date for the referendum on membership of the bloc.  
Brexit Raises Questions About Pound's Elite Status	Reuters	2016-07-13	Britain's vote to leave the European Union is raising questions about sterling's place among the small, elite group of hard currencies underpinning the financial system.
Flightpath to Brexit: Charting Through the Fog	Reuters	2016-07-08	Britain's ruling Conservative party has determined that either Theresa May or Andrea Leadsom will succeed David Cameron as prime minister on Sept. 9 and so negotiate British withdrawal from the European Union.
Europe Launches Reform 'Reflection' After Brexit Shock	Reuters	2016-06-29	Hoping to stave off a broader political crisis after Britain's shock decision to leave the EU, European leaders agreed on Wednesday to spend the next nine months developing proposals for an overhaul of the bloc amid deep divisions between its members.
Loretta Lynch, Brexit, Istanbul: Your Friday Briefing	The New York Times	2016-07-01	Heres what you need to know to start your day.
Brexit Shock Triggers Race to Salvage EU	Reuters	2016-06-24	Britain's shock vote to leave the European Union - the first time a member state has chosen to pull out - sends the post-World War Two unification process that has underpinned peace and prosperity on the continent into reverse.
Balkans Bemused by Possible British Brexit	Reuters	2016-06-22	As the Brexit referendum goes down to the wire, some in the Balkans are bemused by the possibility of Britain voting to leave a club they are banging on the door to join.
EU's Juncker: Brexit Would Create Global Uncertainty	Reuters	2016-06-16	European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Thursday Britain leaving the European Union would open a period of global uncertainty which should be avoided.
Low Rates Worry Generali More Than Brexit	Reuters	2016-05-12	Generali, Europe's third largest insurer, shrugged off concerns about a possible British exit from the European Union, with persistently low interest rates more of a headache.
Factbox-What Would 'Brexit' Look Like?	Reuters	2016-02-16	As Britons debate whether to stay in or leave the European Union at a membership referendum, one of the key arguments is what a British exit, or "Brexit", would look like?
UK Car Exports Offset Domestic Drop in September Output Rise	Reuters	2016-10-27	British car production rose by an annual 0.9 percent in September with a rise in exports compensating for a fall in demand at home, an industry body said on Thursday. 
Lessons From Brexit Market Winners-Don't Panic	Reuters	2016-07-22	The best-performing mutual funds avoided explicit directional bets on the outcome of last month's UK vote to leave the European Union, sitting out the volatility by latching on early to large, defensive, dividend-paying blue chip stocks. 
British Clothing Retailers Face Brexit Double Whammy	Reuters	2016-07-21	Already hamstrung by the battle to compete with online rivals, Britain's major clothing retailers now risk a hit to sales and profits from the higher costs and plummeting consumer confidence that have followed the vote to leave the European Union.
